You don't want to have a scenario where
tech and tech capex slows down.
>> There could be just overall concerns
about what happens if financial
conditions stay too tight and what that
means for AI and AI capex.
>> Tech contributes to the aura that
surrounds the markets.
>> We need to see a development beyond AI
and cyerspec. We're wary of being
involved for too long.
>> Time for a breather. Everybody was piled
into the same trade. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern
>> live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. From our
audience worldwide, Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Thursday, chaos brews heading into
Jackson Hole. The pressure is building
on Federal Reserve Governor Lisa Cook as
dated Fed minutes show officials more
concerned about inflation. Big tech is
looking to find a firmer footing
following back-to-back losses of more
than 1%.
>> It's so much for this market to deal
with. And kind of the ironic thing is we
look back, for example, at the sell-off
and it's a perfect example of what
happens when expensive markets wobble.
After the fact, everyone looks for an
explanation. Is it an MIT paper? Is it a
week old comment Sam Alman made? Is it
Jackson Hole coming up? But that's the
point. We look back and we only find
stupid explanations because a lot of
times expensive markets don't need a
good e explanation to sell off.
>> You might get another excuse tomorrow
morning when we hear from Chairman
Powell in Jackson Hall, Wyoming. Should
we talk about those minutes? Dated,
stale, stale, dated. That's all I heard
yesterday. But it showed me just how
offsite this committee was going into
that payrolls report. Only two on that
committee were really concerned about
the labor market.
>> I think if at anything it needs to take
a 50 basis point cut off of the table.
There were so many people in these
minutes that were more worried about
inflation and saw the labor supply story
maybe as a benign one. So it implies
that okay you have a crummy payrolls
report you can kind of massage the
minutes. We know they can do that. They
didn't do it to a large extent. So it
just shows that maybe the balance of
things might be more hawkish for Powell
when we hear from him.
>> There is a big elephant in the room in
Jackson Hole and it's the independence
of the central bank and the pressure
coming from the White House. This from
Governor Lisa Kirk just yesterday. I
have no intention of being bullied to
step down from my position because of
some questions raised in a tweet. I
don't think we should underplay this.
This is one of the most sensitive issues
in politics in this country right now,
the housing market, and the pressure
will build and build on Governor Kirk to
provide a sufficient appropriate
explanation as to just what happened
here.
>> Well, I think because a lot of people
look at this and say, "It's an expensive
market. I'm having a hard time getting a
mortgage. I'm having a hard time buying
a house." And here's someone who maybe
got around it. Look, Fed governors have
left for less reasons. Remember what
happened with Rosenrin, for example, and
the resignations there over issues with
their compliance around trading. So,
it's not unusual to get this pressure.
The concern though is is this pressure
is coming off the back already with
pressure on Jay Powell and a president
who has made clear he wants to remake
the board.
>> Difficult to discuss a legal process
that hasn't officially started yet.
>> That too difficult for her to address a
legal process that hasn't officially
started yet. But I think for market
participants, we need to gauge, are we
seeing the credibility of this central
bank be eroded over time? Are we seeing
any sign of that in financial markets?
When these headlines dropped yesterday,
just a little bit of dollar weakness,
just a little bit of strength coming
into gold, but nothing big just yet.
Because I think the markets are
interpreting this as great, more dovish
Fed governors. It's more reason for the
Fed to cut. The issue though is is it's
not just an attack on Powell anymore.
when we were talking about the
conversation was the FOMC can handle it.
It's a committee. Even if you have a
chair who's very dovish and politically
leaning, it doesn't matter because it's
a committee that makes the decision.
What happens when the committee is being
reformed? What happens when you have a
majority of appointees who are from
Trump that also have the power to
appoint presidents in regional
governments? I think that that makes a
difference when it's not just Powell,
but the board itself.
>> Bremo is missing today. She's over in
Jackson Hole. We'll catch up with our
very own Lisa in about 2 hours time in
Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Look ahead to
this as well. Walmart earnings at 7:00
a.m. Eastern time. That's a big data
point to look for. Another big data
point at 8:30 Eastern time. We'll get
jobless claims. And look out for this
too in the following hour after that.
PMIs just an early snapshot of August.
And the PMIs worldwide, at least the
numbers I've seen so far this morning
pick it up. Are we set to see a rebound
for the month of August? Equity futures
not bouncing. We're negative by 210 of
1% on the S&P. Your hour looks like
this. John Sto of Oenheimer will get
into the stock market following four
days without gains. Andrew Bishop of
Signnum as Fed Governor Lisa Cook says
she has no intention of stepping down
and Jane Foley of Rubber Bank seeing no
real threat to the US dollar. We begin
this hour with Stock Steady as the Fed's
annual get together in Jackson Hole
kicks off. John Stoers of Oppenheimer
the biggest bull on Wall Street writing
some profit taking without FOMO is to be
expected with Pal's address on Friday. a
catalyst capable of moving the direction
of the market. John joins us now for
more. John, good morning.
>> Good morning, John.
>> How are you explaining the last few days
to clients?
>> Well, I would say ve very simply, it it
is to be expected that after a
tremendous runup from the lows on April
8th that were tested uh and then all of
a sudden we came back very powerfully uh
over the course of I guess the last 3
weeks or so. You can't go up every day.
Uh and we've got a great catalyst for
for bears uh skeptics and nervous
investors to take profits without FOMO
right now uh or fear of missing out
myths
what's likely a secular bull market
because you have the Fed on Friday at
Jackson Hole. Then beyond that,
everybody's looking for the first week
in September where you get the jobs
number. What's the story going to be?
Are we going to get another set of
worries, some revisions? uh is it going
to be a big miss in terms versus
expectations and all that really in the
process of some really heavyduty
transitions related to uh technology and
innovation related to AI as well as an
administration that really uh you know
for all the criticism it gets in some
ways is dealing with cans that have been
uh kicked down the proverbial road for
decades by both sides of the aisle. And
so with that kind of uncertainty, what
happens is you get some turbulence in
the market. But we say don't just buy,
you don't want to buy the dips just
blindly. You want to look for babies
that get thrown out with the bathwater
for intermediate and long-term
investors. Very interesting time I think
to see things like that. And for traders
uh in any turbulence, that's that's
where they make their money.
>> So John, let's unpack some of this. You
make two big points. One on the Fed, the
other on tech stocks. Let's deal with
them individually. I want to start with
the Federal Reserve. Okay,
>> the minutes yesterday showed just how
offside this committee was going into
the payroll report 2 days after the
meeting. What we're all trying to gauge
is just how much that payrolls report
has changed things on this committee. If
so, by how much? And how much will that
change this address that we get from
Chairman Pal tomorrow?
>> I don't think a heck of a lot really
because the Fed is one thing. It's shown
since March of 2022 incredible
sensitivity that is related to its dual
mandate. So there'll be some kind of a
balance here because the idea the dual
mandate is relatively simple in concept
difficult to implement and and practice
but essentially provide an econ an
interest rate regime that is conducive
to sustainable growth without untored
levels of inflation and on the other
side of that without overturning the
apple cart for the jobs market. So I
think you know we still expect a 25 bips
cut in September. Uh it we could even
see a pair of uh or
a pair of uh cuts this year with
something in December uh another 25. I
don't think they're going to cut a lot,
but I think they make another down
payment uh for both Wall Street and Main
Street to show that indeed the Fed hike
cycle is beginning to end, if not at the
same pace everybody wants. And the
independence of the Fed, John, I think
is an imperative. I think Powell has
done an excellent job. He missed it at
before he get before March of 2022. Then
he got on the case. They've raised rates
uh 11 times, been on pause, I think for
something uh like uh uh uh 14 times or
so uh in terms of the FOMC meetings and
no recession yet. Extraordinary. And and
now it's going to be, you know, it it's
he's walking the tight rope like Leon
Russell might have said. By the way,
apparently there's a Wall Street Journal
that story that said Powell swims three
times a week and has a personal trainer
to try to relieve some of this stress.
So, I guess it's working to your point.
But John, if we get a Powell who doesn't
enforce a 25 basis point cut, if odds of
a cut go to something like 50% from 80%
right now,
>> how bad is that for stocks?
>> That that would that you'd get short
term you're going to get volatility, but
the trend is fairly is fairly clear of
where we're headed. I mean you when you
consider that uh what was it in 2021 we
had 9.7%
inflation uh versus uh uh 1.4% inflation
based on what BLS was saying that you
know it's remarkable we're now around
somewhere depending what gauge the Fed
uses somewhere around 2.8 8 to 3%
inflation whether you take X CPI core
you take or you take it on the headline
remarkably done and he's a tough guy
he's an attorney he's a a former a
private equity guy this is not this is
not a shrinking violet and a good match
for for the administration and the
administration is is used to high
leverage it's based on you know real
estate and and making the art of the
deal and what we like to say is when we
look at a 10ear Treasury around 4% from
a historical perspective going all the
way back probably to the Venetians. 4%
for borrowing for a 10-year period makes
a lot of sense.
>> I guess this is part of the thing of
what we've been seeing the past couple
days though. Some people have looked at
tech selling off and gotten excited that
it might mean finally a rotation is
happening that unloved parts of the
market. To your point, the babies with
the bathwater can finally be bought. But
how necessary is it to get cuts in
force, not just 25 and 25 and then
pausing, but real cuts to bring us
something to neutral or below neutral to
see that broadening out?
>> Oh, I think we've already seen the
broadening out, Danny. If you consider,
I'm just looking at the the uh uh the
SPXL1 on GRR on a Bloomberg uh you know
communication services that's about 80%
tech uh tech because it's got the uh uh
the whatchamacallit it's the uh the
search engines and it's got the social
media and it's got the streamers in it.
But then next the second best performing
is communication service up 14.6% year
to date. But the second best performer
is industrials. That's a broadening 14
a.5% year to date. Very it's just uh
nine bips short of where where where
tech is. Third best performer year to
date is utilities. The youths up 13.3%.
You're going to tell me that it hasn't
broadened. The fourth best performing is
infoch up 12 a.5. Financials are up
9.17. That's a value sector. Materials
are up eight. Uh consumer staples, uh
that's Coke, smokes, and soaps as we
used to say in the old days, up 7.36.
Real estate, all kinds of real estate up
two and a half. So I mean that's pretty
humble. Healthc care is negative about a
little bit uh less than a quarter of a
percentage point. Consumer
discretionary, the consumer remarkably
resilient. The sector still being
somewhat brutalized down four around
0.36%.
and energy. You think we didn't use
gasoline, but we are a wash in oil
4/10en of a percent down. So, I think it
has broadened.
>> To what extent is some of that just a
derivative of the same story? You
mentioned utilities apps connected to
the AI theme. Are we all in one theme or
there several things playing out
simultaneously?
>> It it's both. several themes playing out
simultaneously right now with the with a
belief within the market from more than
just a few corners that the Fed is in
the process of lightening up on the
tightening cycle. Utes are less exposed
to being considered a bond market proxy,
a bond proxy. So the yield will look
more attractive as rates come down uh at
at the Fed. Even the short end of the
curve is their competition a lot of the
time. Uh then for for industrials, we're
just about to to build all these
factories and all these fabs, smokeless
fabs and stuff. Uh with that, you're
going to need a lot of industrial
equipment. Whenever I travel anywhere in
the United States, every road is clogged
with construction vehicles, uh you know,
bulldozers, back hoes, all kinds of
stuff. There's always agriculture, you
know, and uh commercial aerospace,
defense. I mean, there's a lot of stuff
happening and financials should do
better as the year yield curve consu it
steepens to a more traditional uh sense.
>> What's more traditional? What are you
expecting?
>> Well, I mean, you'd probably expect you
expected Right now I think we're pretty
close to it with the 30-year almost at
five. It should probably be at five and
the four probably vacasillating
depending upon the given month somewhere
between three and a half and and and 4.8
just to put the scare into people. You
know
>> what did the Medici of Florence pay for
10-year money?
>> Pardon?
>> What did the Medici of Florence pay for
10-year money? You mentioned the
Venetians.
>> See, I I looked at the Venetians.
Depends what we read. I'll have to think
about the Venetians. You got to send me
back. I'll have to talk to Tom Keen
about that.
>> TK probably knows.
>> He probably does.
>> Tom probably knows. John, it's good to
see you.
>> Great seeing you.
>> Thanks for breaking things down. I
appreciate it, sir. Thank you. John Sto
there of Oppenheimer. Not too concerned
about the draw down we've seen over the
past few days. One more big catalyst to
go this morning at least. Walmart. Those
results about 45 minutes away. Let's
give you an update on stories elsewhere
this morning with your Bloomberg brief.
Here's Yahira. Hey yhara.
>> Good morning, John. Federal Reserve
Governor Lisa Cook says she will not be
bullied from her position. Cook
responded in a statement after calls for
for for her resignation from President
Donald Trump and allegations of mortgage
fraud from housing regulator Bill Py.
Cook added she'll answer any legitimate
questions about her financial history.
Meanwhile, inflation is still the
greatest risk to the US economy
according to most Fed officials. July's
Fed Minutes show members noted the risk
to inflation outweighs concerns over the
labor market. Several participants
emphasized that inflation is still above
2% and it risks becoming unanchored due
to tariffs. And Meta is temporarily
pausing hiring in its artificial
intelligence division while it
structures its new super intelligence
efforts. A Meta spokesperson saying on X
that the company is pausing to quote
plan and forecast after hiring new
people. This was in response to initial
reporting from the Wall Street Journal.
That's brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. I think Mark
Zuckerberg right now capable of moving
the monthly jobs figure wages alone.
>> I think he is capable of causing a
recession in this economy if he decides
to stop building.
>> More on meta a little bit later this
hour. Up next on the program, Governor
Kirk under fire.
>> I believe it's blatant and massive
mortgage fraud. She shouldn't be at the
Federal Reserve. She's going to resign
in my view. And if she doesn't resign, I
do believe that the president has caused
to fire her and that will be up to the
president whether he decides to do that
or not. That conversation up next with
Andrew Bishop of Signnum live from New
York City this morning. Good morning.
[Music]
Busy morning coming up. Busier than it
has been at least. Walmart numbers, the
main event on the earning side of things
that's taking place at 7:00 a.m. Eastern
time. After that, look out for jobless
claims. The last big print on the labor
market going into chairman pound
tomorrow in Jackson Hole and a sneak
peek of how we're performing for the
month of August. Just an early read
prelim US PMI's 945 Eastern time. A few
data points to watch throughout the
morning. I'm just a fan so far this
morning. Governor Cook under fire. I
mean, this is supposed to be somebody
who's entrusted with the public good,
who's supposed to be looking after
interest rates. And I believe it's I
believe it's blatant and massive
mortgage fraud. I believe that there
will be a criminal investigation. I'll
leave that to the DOJ whether they do
that or not. She shouldn't be at the
Federal Reserve. She's going to resign
in my view. And if she doesn't resign, I
do believe that the president has caused
to fire her and that will be up to the
president whether he decides to do that
or not.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
Federal Reserve Governor Lisa Cook
defying calls for her resignation,
saying in a statement, quote, I have no
intention of being bullied to step down
from my position because of some
questions raised in a tweet. Signums
Andrew Bishop joins us now for more.
Andrew, welcome to the program. Sir,
let's just start with how difficult it
might be to fire a Fed governor. How
hard is that task?
>> Um, firing the governor is is the easy
part. Uh, having the governor actually
step down is is going to be the harder
part. I think any court that looks at
this, first of all, is going to take a
while to to make a decision. And that's
the biggest problem for investors,
right? I I would argue, this is
debatable, but I would argue that the
biggest problem is not if the governor
actually is forced out. the big the
biggest problem is the uncertainty. Um,
and that's that's inevitably going to
linger. I also think it's unlikely that
the court would actually force the
governor out uh o over the the
allegations that the president has
raised. Um, which kind of puts us in a
worst, you know, worst case situation
from a markets and uncertainty
perspective. Interestingly though, from
the president's perspective, that's not
necessarily that bad because I think his
main goal is to show that he's putting
pressure on the Fed more so than
actually getting, you know, an extra 25
basis points of of cut in the short
term.
>> So, Andrew, let's just build on that
dimension of it because I think we
should just acknowledge this morning
it's difficult to engage in a legal
process that hasn't actually started
yet. Andrew, with regards to the
pressure on the Federal Reserve, could
this influence Chairman Pal's tenure
beyond May of next year?
Uh I so I I would say influence, yes,
but most likely in the sense that it it
emboldens him to stay beyond me, right?
Um and this is one of the the the
ironies. I I don't want to make any sort
of unfair judgments on on uh Chairman
Powell, but I do think that there's a
case to be made or there's a there's a
hypothesis to be entertained that he
started out apolitical and may be
becoming more and more political because
of President Trump's attacks and sort of
this this idea that he has to he feels
as though he has to stand up for uh for
the institution which you know can turn
into a bit of a vendetta going both
ways. Andrew, I thought Nick Timrose of
the Wall Street Journal put it really
well that the Fed is like the Vatican in
that it has authority but it has no
army. What could be the army to help
uplift the institution of the Fed? If
you see more serious attacks start to
crop up, is it Congress? Is it the
markets? What could be an influence that
acts as a ballast if this continues?
Yeah, I I mean I think the the the
answer to that and it's been the answer
historically is Congress. The problem is
I don't think that army is going to be
raised, right? Um in fact there's a
there's a stronger case to be made um
that the opposite might happen. I.e. as
of now u pa and president have tried to
get the American public to sort of you
know be up in arms against the Fed, but
it really hasn't gained much traction. I
mean, as far as I'm aware, people aren't
talking about how the Fed is biased
against the American people in sort of,
you know, coffee convers coffee table
conversations. That could happen. The
president, if he really puts all his his
energy into this, could start getting,
you know, uh, Republican or at least
MAGA voters really riled up against the
Fed. So, I see that the the risk there
being more to the downside than to the,
you know, upside of of sort of the the
cavalry is going to come rescue the Fed
anytime soon. Well, you have examples in
history like Rob Kaplan who resigned
saying that the focus on his financial
disclosures became a distraction at that
time when it was happening. Andrew, so
there is precedent for Fed officials to
resign because of this. If what you're
describing happens and you get American
populace that starts to turn on the Fed,
how does that change the cloud that's
currently hanging over them?
So I think the big difference this time
around uh compared to and because there
there have even been cases of of
chairman if you go back f much further
uh in history um sort of right right
after second world war um you know sort
of resigning in the name of maintaining
the fed's independence or upholding its
reputation etc. The problem in this
instance is that I think rightly or
wrongly, whether it's Powell, whether
it's um you know, any any of the the Fed
governors that are coming under attack,
they actually view resigning as further
undermining the Fed's independence
because it would essentially, you know,
open the way for Trump to bulldoze his
way onto a majority and to eventually
essentially a shadow chairman position.
Um, so I while I recognize those
historical precedents, I think that they
essentially they're not comparable to
what's what's likely to happen in coming
months.
>> The issue around Fed officials back
then, and Danny, I'm so pleased you
brought this up. The issue around then
was that a lot of people were really
struggling in this country and a handful
of people were making serious money in
the stock market. And that was a really
sensitive issue at the time. And I think
coming out of the pandemic now, what's
interesting about this is this is about
the housing market. And as we know here
in this city here in New York, that is
one of the biggest political issues in
this country of the very moment. And
that's why I don't think this story is
going away anytime soon.
>> And look, the story already existed in
some form before this. The Federal
Reserve of Philadelphia also did a study
on this about how many people commit
this type of fraud. And there were large
numbers that did it. And there was an
uproar at the time, localized, but an
uproar at the time that people were
doing this type of fraud because of what
you're saying that it's difficult to get
housing in this country right now. So,
if it's happening with a high-profile
official, how do you quiet that down?
>> Andrew, can we just finish on that? The
importance of the housing sector in this
country for the future of politics in
America.
I think it's absolutely critical and
it's one of the reasons why the
president is putting so much pressure on
the Fed frankly that you know there's
there's this view I think that um the
president is is sort of in an you know
economics mentality of not understanding
how inflation works etc. I think part of
his attacks on the Fed is a genuine
concern about the state of the US
economy at at at the real level, right?
The real economy, the main street. We
could debate all day long how genuine it
is, etc. But the point is, I think he is
actually worried about that and that's
one of the reasons he's putting
pressure. It's it's not it's not just
about, you know, touting the tariffs
aren't inflationary or having a personal
grudge against Powell. Um there is a
real concern ahead of the midterms. And
so to you know I don't know if to his
credit is the right expression but he's
ahead of the curve on this. Absolutely.
>> Andrew Bishop appreciate your time sir.
Thank you. Andrew Bishop there of
signnum on the latest push to fire
Governor Kirk at the Federal Reserve.
Housing market is going to become so
important. There is a belief that if you
get rates down you help real estate. The
issue that we've got is which rate?
We're talking about Fed funds. Does that
actually help things further out along
the curve?
>> Well also you just look at what's
happened. We've priced in 100 basis
points of cuts over the next 12 months
and the 10-year yield hasn't moved. So
that in itself is just evidence that
even if you do start to get cuts,
especially if it's because of political
pressure, it might not actually unlock
this housing market.
>> Tens this morning, yields higher by just
two basis points. Your yield about 431.
Coming up next, we'll catch up with Tom
Ford of Maxim Group following a big tech
selloff. Plus, yara has your morning
movers. Palanteer looking to snap a
6-day losing streak. that stock up in a
pre-market by 1%. Equity futures on the
S&P 500 negative by 210 of 1%. Retailers
in focus later on this morning. Numbers
from Walmart about 35 minutes away.
[Music]
Four days no gains on the S&P 500 for
the first time since the very start of
August. Equity futures so far this
morning negative by 210 of 1%. The price
action of the past 2 days at least. The
weakness the pain concentrated in a
handful of tech names. The
underperformance came from the NASDAQ
this morning. We're down just another
tenth of 1%. as we count it down to the
opening bell about 3 hours away from the
cash open. Let's get to your morning
movers. Here's Yahihara with more. Hey
yara.
>> Hi John. We start with Palanteer. It's a
slight move to the upside up 1% but it
is significant as Palanteer tries to
snap a 6day losing streak that has
pushed this high-flying stock into
correction territory amid this broader
tech selloff that we've been seeing. And
what also hurt Palanteer yesterday was a
Citron research report saying that the
company was detached from fundamentals.
and they say the stock should be priced
at $40. We are obviously a long way from
that and Palanteer remains the top
performing stock in the S&P 500 with
shares up 100% year to date. And
sticking with tech, we have Huelet
Packard Enterprises rising 3% on some
sellside action. Morgan Stanley turning
more bullish on the server maker and
it's upgraded the it's upgrading the
stock to overweight ahead of its
earnings which are about two weeks from
now on September 3rd. and it says its
upcoming analyst day could lay out
forecasts that finally convince Wall
Street of its cash flow power. They're
also setting a $28 price target on the
stock which represents about a 33% jump
from these levels. And we end on Cody.
The beauty giant is getting pummeled in
the pre-market down more than 20% after
its results disappointed. This is the
company behind CoverGirl Cosmetics and
they also license perfumes for the likes
of Gucci and Burberry. And what they're
saying is that sales could drop as much
as 8% in the current quarter and keep
sliding into December as they warned
that retailers are cutting prices to
clear inventory as they say consumers
are pulling back on non-essential
spending. So this could be a story of a
cautious consumer or shoppers just not
hot on what they're selling. John,
>> that stock is down almost 22%. Unreal.
Yahara, thank you. Thanks for the
update. More from Yahara in just a
moment. And on our radar this morning,
one of our top stories worldwide,
Federal Reserve Governor Lisa Cook
pushing back against President Trump's
call for her to resign over allegations
of mortgage fraud. Cook saying in a
statement, "I have no intention of being
bullied to step down from my position."
>> This feels very different than the
political pressure on the Fed chair
itself. Cuz a lot of the language and
discussion around that had been it's an
FOMC that can handle it. This is a
committee with multiple members. But
what happens if you get real pressure?
And we can certainly debate whether that
pressure is warranted or not on the
individuals in the FOMC. It's kind of a
whiff of an institutional overhaul, not
just the head, but if you have more
people appointed by the president who
are willing to appoint presidents from
the regional governors of the Fed that
can more move in line with Trump, that's
a very different makeup.
>> Super important to point out that no
charges have actually been filed here.
Totally unclear whether attorney general
Pam Bondi will even investigate. So this
is playing out in the court of public
opinion for the time being. And with
that in mind, I just wonder if this is
something Chairman Pow needs to address
head on tomorrow morning in Jackson
Hall.
>> I doubt he would. Right. He wants to
avoid the politics to all degrees. I
think maybe what will happen is you get
all the central bank heads coming from
Europe, from elsewhere that really come
to make a statement about independence
that lend Powell their support. And we
know Powell likes that support. He
apparently keeps letters of those who
have thanked him for his steadfastness.
So I think it's going to kind of be the
unofficial theme of Jackson Hole. It has
to be. But you'd imagine that this is
the Powell who does not want to get into
politics at all.
>> Lisa Grabbit's on the ground. We'll head
over to Lisa a little bit later this
morning to pick up on this story.
Elsewhere, new details in the efforts to
end the war between Russia and Ukraine.
The vice president JD Vance saying
Russia wants Ukrainian territory, which
Ukraine still controls. Talks are still
underway to set up a potential meeting
between the two countries. There's also
been a conversation about what role, if
at all, Russia would pay in broader
security guarantees for Ukraine.
Russia's made it clear that if there are
security guarantees, it and its ally
China need a say. And I think that
underscores that Russia sees this not
just as Russia versus Ukraine. This is
Russia and the West. If we are talking
about security architecture, they want
to have a say for Ukraine. I don't know
how this is palatable. Those places to
the east of Ukraine are so necessary for
their defense. if they give it away to
Russia. What the cities that come next
are much harder to defend.
>> I'm pleased you said this. We have some
momentum coming out over the weekend. It
looks like that momentum has kind of
been lost over the past few days. The
president wanted to see a bilateral
setup between Putin and Silinski. Little
appetite for that to happen out of
Russia so far. That might change, but so
far not much appetite. The president
also envisioned this ending in a
trilateral between himself, Putin, and
Silinski. And to your point, the big
wrinkle there is the Russians would like
some Chinese involvement. And I'm not
sure either the Europeans or the US or
the White House saw that one coming.
>> They don't because what he would have
wanted is a trilateral of the US in
between Russia and Ukraine negotiating.
All of a sudden, you enter China into
that and you need them part of the
negotiations as well, which by the way,
the US and China are having their own
negotiations separately about trade. It
really complicates things and I think
for all parties involved, the bar to a
deal is incredibly high. It was always
going to be hard and it's proving to be
even more difficult. More on that story
later on this morning here on Bloomberg.
Wanted to finish on Meta. The latest
from them freezing hiring and its
artificial intelligence division. A Meta
spokesperson saying the company will be
planning and forecasting its new super
intelligence efforts. The length of the
pause is unknown.
>> Honestly, I saw this and I thought, who
who do they even have left to hire?
They've hired everyone. Maybe the freeze
is happening because there's no one
left. But they've hoovered up basically
all of the AI talent. They've given them
sports like salaries to get them to go
there. Is this a hollowing out I wonder
of VC of other smaller companies? We've
seen them do this time and time again.
They've stopped acquiring companies to
grow AI. They've just left the companies
alone but hired all of their top talent.
You saw this with Google. You saw this
with uh with with uh Meta rather. So
what does it mean for the future of AI
innovation? And I wonder just the level
of hiring that they've done. If it in a
way kind of stifles AI innovation
because you don't get these smaller
startups that can thrive anymore. If
you're an investor, why would you invest
in a small AI company if Meta just might
hire the talent away?
>> And that's what they've been doing over
the past few months. They've pursued
this so aggressively in a way that
they're almost confronting existential
risk. And I keep reflecting on a quote
that came from Alphabet 12 months ago
when the CEO came out. the greater risk
now. He said the greater risk now was
underinvesting and not overinvesting.
Now this is why we're having this
conversation ultimately about ending up
with too much capacity, over capacity
and some major losers. And every time
you get a pullback like we have done in
the market over the past few days,
people start to get nervous. I got to
say it feels a little bit more scary
than the dot bubble because back then
when the bubble burst, it was equities
that were hit and yes, businesses did
suffer. This time we're talking about a
completely different beast. We're
talking about infrastructure. We're
talking about energy, data centers,
hiring. So many parts of this economy
that have been impacted by AI. If they
decide to pull back, what happens? What
happens when you've had by some
calculations a 10% increase in GDP
because of AI? If we lose that, does
that amplify some recession risk?
>> Yeah, this is not just a tech story.
It's the US economic story at the
moment. Let's stick with tech. The
NASDAQ 100 looking to recover following
backto-back losses. Tom Forte of Maxim
Group writing this. I understand the
investor concerns about an AI bubble
given the high valuations and in many
instances it remains unclear to what
extent AI will enable companies to
generate higher sales and earnings over
time. Tom joins us now for more. Tom,
welcome to the program sir. I'll just
start with a basic question. How you're
explaining the moves of the past few
days. Yeah. So I definitely think what
you're seeing is a AI concern pullback
in big tech either to the extent that
Sam Alman's talking about a bubble when
it pertains to AI or when you're reading
stories about what is the ultimately
what is the ultimate efficacy of AI in
helping enterprises improve their sales
and profits.
>> Tom, how are we defining a bubble?
Howard Marks of O Tree Capital came on
the program yesterday and said maybe
this is more like 1997 than 1999. If
it's 97, I'm buying. Tom, what do you
think?
>> So, having lived through.combomb,
I would define a bubble as are the
valuations uh not reflective of the
future earnings power. So, are you
valuing a company at 100 times earnings
when in the future they're going to
generate, you know, 5% uh EPS growth
rather than 10 or 20%. So, I just think
of it as are the expectations too high
given future cash flows.
>> Well, this is the thing, Tom. If we just
pick apart Sam Alman's comments, I mean,
this is the CEO of a company that raised
six billion of equity at a $500 billion
valuation. It's almost as if he's
suggesting there's a bubble everywhere,
but his own company. So, if there are
concerns of froth in the market, Tom,
where would they actually be?
>> Yeah. So I think that uh you know when
you think about to date where have we
seen AI prove its efficacy or where has
AI driven incremental sales and profits
it kind of starts with Nvidia and then
after Nvidia you have uh Microsoft
Amazon Google the hyperscalers because
you have seen uh severe increase in
interest in AI that's driven sales for
Nvidia and then also driven the
enterprise sales through the cloud
computing efforts of Microsoft
Amazon and Google. And then I guess for
everyone else uh it's to varying
degrees. Although I think you could
argue that Meta Platforms has seen some
improvement in its digital advertising
revenue because of artificial
intelligence.
>> Tom, it really wasn't that long ago that
you had Zuckerberg talking about the
year of efficiency. And part of that was
a pullback in share prices that had them
cap how much they really wanted to
spend. It's a completely different story
today. But if you did see this type of
sell-off pick up in some steam, do you
think Meta the other hyperscalers that
they would pull back some of their
spending efforts when it comes to AI and
what ramifications could that have?
>> Yeah, so I think about in that regard.
So you had DeepSeek proving that either
through software you can do it as well
as others have um or you can just do it
more cheaply. And then you saw the
hyperscalers, you saw Meta Platforms
essentially double down uh saying that
they were going to maintain this
elevated level of investment spending as
it pertains to artificial intelligence.
So I think that you would have to start
to see enterprises pull back on their
spend which would be reflected in lower
cloud computing revenue for Microsoft,
for Amazon, for Google. Uh, I think that
would be direct evidence that you
started to see, I guess, a pullback in
AI spending for enterprises who maybe
haven't seen the same benefits that
others have.
>> Tom, can we ask you, does it get harder
to pick winners when the White House
wants to get in the business as well?
>> I I No, I think the reason I say no is
because I think with with the White
House, um, what is the ultimate goal of
the move that the White House is making?
So going back to Liberation Day, uh the
view that I had was that this was the
beginning of trade negotiations at
scale. This wasn't necessarily going to
result in some of these tariffs on a
long-term basis. So then what is going
on? You've talked a lot about the Fed
and you know maybe changes to the board
of the Fed and lowering rates. Um so
what is the ultimate goal of the White
House? um which I think what's the
ultimate goal of any business and then
how to assess how that results in higher
sales or lower sales and cash flow and
stock prices.
>> Well Tom let's get into that. So
basically I think the assumption at the
moment is the free hand to the market is
not going to generate or lead to the
outcomes they'd like to see primarily
building out domestic foundry capacity.
So what do you do? You take an equity
stake in a company like Intel and you
support that effort domestically. you
get involved. Government intervention
all makes sense, particularly when
you're very worried about national
security. The next step in a lot of
people's minds is basically to go to
fabulous companies like Nvidia and push
them to use that domestic capacity over
using capacity somewhere else, say a
TSMC. Now, Tom, that gets difficult for
the likes of Nvidia. And once everyone
gets their fingers in the pie, if I'm
China, I'm like, by the way, I don't
want you selling it anymore. Aren't they
some of the risks that we have to
confront over the next few years?
Absolutely. And I like what Jonathan you
said there is about national security.
So I think a lot of the tariff related
um moves by the white house or by the
administration are try to address
national security. It's part of the uh
AI war if you want to call it that
between the US and China. And I think
that really is a big motivator between
having or to have more manufacturing
US-based.
>> Tom appreciate your time as always sir.
Tom Ford there of Maxing Group breaking
down the moment for big tech and it's a
big moment for big tech particularly
with the government getting involved and
saying you know what we think we can
pick the winners too. It's also so
complicated if you're in Nvidia because
you're getting hit by both sides. There
was a story from the FT out this morning
that some of the China leadership told
these tech companies to stop using
Nvidia because of insulting comments
from Howard Lutnik that he said he
wanted the Chinese to be hooked on
American technology. What do you do if
you're Nvidia? I mean Jensen Huang
notably during the inauguration wasn't
in DC. He was in China with Xi Jinping.
So that man understands more than anyone
I think that it is two sides that he is
stuck in between.
>> It's going to get harder and harder to
remain and succeed in both markets and
we'll see that play out through this
year and beyond. Let's get you an update
on stories elsewhere this morning with
your Bloomberg brief. Back with us here.
Hey yra.
>> Hi John. The Texas House of
Representatives approved a new state
congressional map, officially ending the
weeksl long political standoff. The
proposal passed easily in the Republican
dominated house where the vote was
delayed after Democrats left the state
to deny quorum there. Texas Democrats
vowed to battle the new map once
Governor Abbott signs it into law.
Meanwhile, Tom mentioned this one.
Chinese AI startup Deepseek is rolling
out an update to its model. The V3.1
answers questions much faster and marks
the company's first step towards
creating an AI agent. Deepseek is also
raising prices for its update and
abolishing discounted evening rates. The
changes take effect on September 6th.
And WH Smith shares are plunging 40% in
London. The British retailer lowering
its profit outlook for the fiscal year
after finding an accounting error. It
found an overstatement of about $40
million in expected trading profit for
North America this year up until August
31st. The revision cuts its North
American profit forecast in half. That's
your Bloomberg brief. John
>> cutting the stock in half as well.
Yahara, thanks for that. More from Yhara
in the next hour. Up next on the
program, US exceptionalism.
>> The US is still the best place in the
world to invest. Uh the things that make
the US exceptional are still all true.
other parts of the world do not have our
dynamism.
>> That conversation up next with Jane
Foley of Rabber Bank live from New York
City. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning to you all. Welcome to the
program. Your day ahead is shaping up as
follows. A little bit later this
morning, so about 12 minutes away. We'll
get another read on retailers in
America. Walmart coming up very shortly.
8:30 Eastern time. US jobless claims in
focus. Another read on the labor market.
In fact, the last big read on the labor
market going into chairman pal speech in
Jackson Hall, Wyoming tomorrow for their
annual get together and a snapshot of
some of the economic activity as we make
our way through August. Look out for the
PMIs. Those PMIs drop at 9:45 Eastern
time. But as we await those numbers from
Walmart, I think it's worth taking stock
of what we've heard from consumers over
the last 3 days or so. Home Depot,
essentially the message, Danny, from
Home Depot. Customers are delaying
purchases. TJX offpric retailer get in
the business. What have you seen? You've
been talking about it. Sweet green soft
demand. Carver soft demand. Just getting
a mix. I think a decent picture of where
the consumer is at as we work our way
through summer. We might reacelerate in
the months to come, but there's
certainly been a deceleration through
the first half of the year.
>> There's been a deceleration, but the
difficult thing about this is you can
find examples where companies are
thriving. Everyone's still buying
Birkenstocks, people still want to
travel. So, you get these commentaries
from companies that do seem to suggest
that consumers are doing okay. And I
think Walmart is going to be really
instructive here just because they do
have more pricing power than a lot of
these other companies. So it shows
without tariff price increases just how
robust is the consumer. And by the way,
they now capture a much wider swath of
the consumer because people post
pandemic traded down to Walmart. So you
can't look at them and say, "Oh, this is
just a read on the K-shaped economy, how
lower income consumers are doing.
Wealthier consumers have turned to
Walmart now, too. So I think it also
captures just a broad group of the
populace." Now
>> when you hear from these companies,
don't just listen to what they say,
watch what they do. really start to
gauge what the seauite strategy at the
moment is. So, let's take two companies.
I believe that if companies can raise
prices, they will. If companies can get
away with lousy pay hikes, they'll get
away with it. What have we seen?
McDonald's drop in prices. Starbucks
below inflation pay hikes. I think
there's some signal there from those two
companies alone.
>> Yeah, a 2% uh pay hike. I think you'd be
a little bit disappointed from that. Pay
attention to what they say, but how much
can they say? Especially for Walmart.
Remember, it was Walmart in May that
said, "We might down the line have to
raise our prices because of tariffs."
And immediately you heard from the
president saying that you need to be
eating these prices. So, just how vocal
they can be on these earnings calls
about how they're trying to mitigate
tariffs. It might be capped because they
know that the audience isn't just
analysts. It's not just investors. It's
the White House.
>> It's the White House in a big way.
That's for sure. Equity futures right
now in the S&P 500 negative by 210 of 1%
under Savanis this morning. US
exceptionalism.
>> The US is still the best place in the
world to invest. Uh the things that make
the US exceptional. Uh the spirit of
innovation, the free markets, the rule
of law, the capital markets, the the
growth and dynamism, uh the great
companies, these things are still all
true. Other parts of the world do not
have our dynamism.
>> Here's the latest this morning. The
dollar in focus ahead of Fed Chair Jal's
comments from Jackson Hole tomorrow.
Jane Foley of Rabber Bank writing the
following. Although the Chinese
authorities and potentially the
Europeans have an incentive to try and
improve the standing of their respective
currencies in FX reserves, they pose no
real threat to the US dollar. Jane joins
us now for more. Jane, welcome to the
program. Institutional credibility is
also in focus in Jackson Hole tomorrow.
How's the rest of the world responding
to the developments that are taking
place here in the United States?
Well, I think we hear that and we will
hear that in in in Jackson Hole from the
comments of some of those other central
bankers. We have heard uh in the past
couple of months really comments from
the likes of Christine Lagard at the ECB
and Bailey uh both giving their support
for for PAL um giving their support in
in terms of his character. But I think
more broadly uh probably we can read
between the lines and they are giving
their support for an independent central
bank too because that is uh what has uh
has become normal. That is what is
considered to be important in in most uh
you know modern economic literature in
in terms of uh gauging uh or really
anchoring uh uh inflation expectations
going forward which is a big part of of
how consumers and businesses behave. So
I think it is likely that we'll hear
more support in in you know from PAL but
of course like you've just been talking
about the shadow of politics will loom
large over the uh the Jackson Hole
events and uh it's going to be very
interesting how the US uh Federal
Reserve bankers really play this in the
next few days.
>> Jane, how vocal do you expect them to be
about this? How much do you expect to
hear from Jay Powell about issues of
independence at the central bank?
>> I think probably a lot of the references
will be subtle and that we'll be
inferring various different commentary.
I I don't know if he is going to be uh
you know that uh forward in in making a
big confrontation with respect to uh you
know this political risk that is is
potentially out there. And after all you
know we we've got to make the case that
there are a lot of economists uh you
know who agree with Donald Trump who see
that there is that the likelihood of the
US labor market weakening and therefore
demand weakening and therefore inflation
weakening. A lot of economists are of
the view that inflation that could come
from tariffs could be transitory. So uh
you know from from that point of view
you know that you could say well look uh
you know there is a decent economic
argument. This isn't really about
political interference at all. So uh you
know there is that uh uh point of view
uh to be um considered and from that
point I I think um pal will be cautious.
Jane, just before you go, there's an odd
dynamic here emerging whereby the
overwhelming consensus is that the
Federal Reserve cuts rates in September.
Yet, the overwhelming consensus for
tomorrow is exactly what you just said.
He's going to be cautious and he won't
lock it in. So, often when we go into
events like this, I think where is the
greater scope for disappointment? Jen,
can you explain that to me given what I
just said?
Well, you know, I I I think uh we've
already seen the dollar just come back a
little bit, a little bit stronger this
week and and I think that's the market
thinking, yeah, we do expect an interest
rate cut, but Trump has been cautious
all the way along. You know, we had that
PPI data last week. What if he remains
cautious? You know, the minutes of the
FOMC show the majority are still
concerned about inflation, which perhaps
we already knew because, you know, we
knew that we knew what the voting
pattern was at the uh the last FOMC.
Again that brings home the fact that
there are perceived inflation risks out
there that Tal has played a cautious
hand that many of his supporters within
the Fred uh you know also have a similar
view. So it is going to be interesting
to see if there's a change. I think this
week the market is is wary that there
could be an that pal could stick to his
guns and and and therefore the dollar
has strengthened but at the same time
you know the labor market is is
weakening. So uh you know we all need to
see what the next round of economic data
is. Jane Foley of Rubber Bank. Jane,
thank you. If you go back to that
Federal Reserve meeting, the labor
market's solid. Heard it on repeat in
the news conference from the Fed chair.
The minutes themselves look super
offsite relative to what we heard 2 days
later when we saw the payrolls report.
The assumption is now that these views
will change. Now you've got the payrolls
report in hand. I just wonder if that's
where there is scope for disappointment.
Imagine if the views remain the same
even after that,
>> right? Uh what happens when you pricing
80% odds of a Fed cut? What happens to
markets if that goes to 50?
>> It would be kind of shocking. Let's put
it that way. Futures right now in the
S&P 500 negative by about a tenth of 1%.
Up next, we'll catch up with Allesio
Dongis of Invesco, Ed Mills of Rayma
James, and the former Fed Governor
Blessie Juke from New York City. The
second hour of Bloomberg surveillance.
Up next,
[Music]
the Federal Reserve is going to work on
normalizing the yield curve. We think
the Fed's going to deliver the rate cut
in September.
>> So much is going to really depend on
what the the Fed chooses to do at the
next meeting. A 25 basis point cut seems
absolutely set in.
>> Even if they cut in September, it's then
not going to necessarily be a slam dunk
that uh that there'll be a December cut.
>> I'm concerned that we have four rate
cuts baked in for the next year and
long-term interest rates really haven't
come down much at all. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> The Sakadara Bloomberg surveillance
starts right now live from New York City
this morning. Good morning. Good morning
to you all as we count you down to the
open and bow 2 hours and 30 minutes
away. Your scores are shaping up as
follows. On the S&P 500, negative by a
tenth of 1% on the NASDAQ 100 just about
unchanged as we approach a big morning
looking for Walmart earnings. those
numbers just crossing. Then later 8:30
Eastern time, we'll get numbers for
jobless claims. And later on this
morning after that, you'll get a read on
US PMIs in America at 9:45 Eastern time.
For Walmart, the stock is down by 1.5%.
Danny, what have we got?
>> Well, it's something you usually don't
see. It's a miss and a raise. So, for
the current quarter, they missed, but
their outlook, that is something that
they were able to lift. And I think this
is going to be really important. the CFO
talking to Bloomberg saying that the
consumer is resilient and it's not just
the upper income levels that are doing
well. They're gaining market share
across the consumer levels. And it seems
that for that reason they were able to
upgrade their guidance. The question
though is how much of that is just
Walmart and their ability to control
supply chains versus a more wider
resilient consumer.
>> We keep going back on this. This is not
a one-off event. It's a process. And how
things are now, they might be different
in several months time. Take this quote.
You mentioned the CFO. We're trying to
do our best to minimize the impact on
the consumer from higher tariff costs.
Trying to do our best. That might not be
the case in a few months time. If they
can pass this on, if they can maintain
and improve market share and pass this
on, they will. If they can't right now,
that's a signal investors will take
about a consumer that maybe can't take
it on at the moment.
>> And maybe that's why you have a Walmart
who maybe can be a little bit more
squishy with the margins. But again,
they have this pricing power. They have
the supply chain where they can do this.
So Walmart maybe isn't as instructive as
small businesses who don't have that who
need to raise prices and then they lose
market share to Walmart. So Walmart does
become a bigger behemoth in this if they
are willing to do that land grab. But I
think you're right, John. How much
longer are they willing to do that land
grab if it does do something to their
margins?
>> You can always cherrypick things in
earnings season and forgive me for
cherrypicking this. More discounts. Yes,
you're likely to see more discounts at
Walmart. By the very nature that's what
you go to Walmart for, but this is what
we're hearing elsewhere. McDonald's
putting pressure on franchise owners to
drop prices because they know the
consumer just can't take it right now.
Look, these aren't things that happen
when the backdrop for the economy is
screamingly solid. And that's clearly
not the case at the moment.
>> And I think that's why people look at
TJX earnings and say this is an entire
company that's geared up to sell
discounts and they're doing well. So
great for them, but potentially bad for
everybody else. The important thing
though is that people are still spending
even though there are discounts. But how
much does it start to look like a Target
where if you have discretionary items,
people aren't buying that and you go
more to the Walmarts to get those goods
that you need that are staples.
>> Danny said it, it's a miss and a little
bit of a race. The stock is down by
about 3/4 of 1% in the pre-market. More
on Walmart this hour. Plus, coming up,
we'll catch up with Allesio Dongis of
Invesco as stocks look to snap a 4-day
losing streak. Ed Mills of Rayma James
as the pressure on the Federal Reserve
continues to build and the Kansas City
Fed President Jeffrey Schmidt sitting
down with Mike McKe in Jackson Hole. We
begin this hour with stocks lower
following a stream of earnings from US
retailers. Allesio Dongis of Invesco
writing the following. Private sector
demand and labor markets are softening
and credit card delinquencies point to
challenges ahead for consumer spending.
Allesio joins us now for more. Allesio,
good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Do you see this as temporary? Do you see
a reason for there to be a reaceleration
in the months ahead?
>> We see this as a as a the beginning of a
process that has been very very slow and
continues uh in the months ahead. The
softening of the labor market, the
softening of the economy. You mentioned
the credit card delinquencies. The
Walmart report today is another uh uh
testament of how Walmart is
representative of the economy but not
the market. Right. Walmart gaining
market share is a defensive sign. Um you
are absolutely right. We haven't seen
yet the impact of taris. We we had an
April announcement. We had a 90 days
delay. The real impact will be shown
with the holiday season. Right. Takes a
while for prices to adjust. Take we are
seeing some some some price impact
reflected in the PPI numbers. But
ultimately we had in the first six
months of the year we had a massive
inventory build as companies frontloaded
imports in the anticipation of tariffs.
those contracts, those prices were
already set. Holiday season is really
where we're going to see the full
impact. Uh we think the consumer will
start uh giving in uh more and more
punches. Um then the question remains
why are all the cyclicals not leading to
that typical transmission mechanism into
the broader market? Because they want to
trade the next phase of this. They think
the Federal Reserve is about to cut
interest rates and we'll see a
reaceleration through 26. people gave up
on 25 a number of months ago. As you
know, the question I think people have
now is whether that's the right move or
not. And I always ask this question, can
you trade to the recovery to the
downturn we haven't had yet? I I think
that's really where that tradeoff is and
what is making it particularly
challenging for investors such as
ourselves.
We are positioned defensively and the
answer to that question we find to be in
that sound risk budgeting, right? You
can be we believe it is the case to be
overweight fixed income relative to
equities. But then again, when you are
underweight equities, what is the best
way to cushion your risk of being wrong?
Be over with quality underweight
cyclicals. Right? If you're right on
your cyclical picture, maybe more than
being underweight equities are right.
most of that underweight to be expressed
through the cyclicals through value
through small caps and midcaps that are
actually more exposed to that economic
risk. Look at earning season so far we
have what 87% of companies having
reported what do we see S&P 500 earnings
up 10 11% but cyclic flat to down four
5%. U other defensive sectors also
somewhat flagged. Tech up 25%.
Earnings. So you continue to see this
the the mark the the part of the market
that is representative of the economy
and the cycle and the part of the market
that continues to reflect a structural
trade. It's two different things.
>> One of the things that's really hurt
defensives is one of the sectors that
you would typically buy, which is
healthcare. If you look at all the
sectors and what they've done so far
this year, healthcare continues to
languish and that's because of the
politics in DC and the fear of sectoral
tariffs. How much does that change where
an investor goes for safety if politics
starts to cloud the very classic
textbook defensives?
>> It is a challenge. It is a challenge
because especially from our perspective
as more macro oriented cycle oriented
asset allocators rather than fundamental
analyst of individual sectors that
provides a challenge. Um these are the
unintended risk exposures that from our
perspective you can really solve by um
diversification and and risk management
rather than trying to re-engineer your
investment process under the adage. this
time is different. Let me scrap the old
playbook. Um, adear to your investment
process and and recognize these
challenges from a regulatory
perspective. So, we like to express
those defensive views uh through low
volatility stocks and other defensive
sectors uh overweighting those uh and
not concentrating all of our defensive
bets into one particular sector. and say
some of those low volatility stocks have
done really well in recent days as
you've seen momentum sell off to you
when you look at that. How do you gauge
whether it's a temporary blip or actual
rotation happening in the market?
>> So far we have had many blips and not a
real rotation and it has been the
frustrating piece of this. Why? Because
this cycle the real defensive play has
been manifested itself into the quality
high volatility stocks not quality low
volatility stocks namely
the Max 7. That's been the issue. So
your typical defensive trade is a
combination of quality and low volume
but right now you're not seeing that
combination play out. Um we therefore
um continue to underweight small and mid
as a uh cautious way of um finding
confidence in that equity underweight
while letting the large cap uh portion
of the market still be the
representative of our total equity
exposure.
>> Can you just build on your regional
bias?
>> Yes.
>> What is it at the moment?
We are still moderately overweight US
equities relative to international
equities both developed and emerging
markets. Earlier in the year, for the
first time in a long time, we took a
pause and reset to an equity a neutral
equity regional exposure uh for the
first four or five months of the year.
Uh that was mostly driven by the dollar
sell-off uh which explained more than
half of the outperformance of
international stocks. we are not seeing
that validation from the earnings
picture. So when you look at relative
earnings momentum between international
and US equities still favoring US
equities. Uh the dollar story is still
one of dollar depreciation. We spoke
about this in uh in prior uh segments.
>> Y
>> we think the Euro 130 is not an
aggressive call. Uh Euro 130 within a
couple of years it's probably going to
be the the normal equilibrium in effects
markets. So um is US exceptionalism is
still there. The the economic story is
undoubtly still there. The pricing of it
and the cyclical dynamics I think we're
going to be for a a much more balanced
global equity picture.
>> So 130 for people in their 20s on
trading floors right now sounds obscene
at 11655 right now. Anyone who started
their career after say 2014 when Drai
took interest rates negative won't
really understand that maybe the euro
can live at these kind of levels. 130
will sound absolutely bonkers to a lot
of people. So can you explain why we can
live at 130 on Euro dollar?
>> So we're dating ourselves basically
>> a little bit maybe.
>> And 130 sounds obscene but you and I
remember during the European debt crisis
how the euro remained stably around 140
150. Uh how can we get there? The first
catalyst is yield differentials. We are
in an environment where most foreign
central uh foreign central banks
including the ECB have not don't have
much more room to cut rates. The Fed we
are going to go there slowly but they
can easily lower rates by 150 basis
points taking effective yield
differentials to almost flat. That is
going to be a big shift in terms of
currency hedging flows in favor of the
euro away from the dollar. valuations
valuations from a purchasing power
parity perspective, wage adjustments,
productivity, it's still arguing for uh
a euro being um around 125. And then
let's not forget
the the the gap in the funding needs,
the large current account surpluses, the
large and growing current account
deficits. It's between the two regions.
The biggest driver in our mind sorry the
biggest adjustment mechanism for the
current stress around US funding levels
is not in our mind US treasury yields is
the dollar. The dollar is the first and
easiest path of list resistance for the
adjustment of the external funding needs
that the US will have on a go forward
basis relative to the rest of the world.
So those are the dynamics fiscal
valuations and yield differentials.
Allesio smart as always. It's good to
see you. Thanks for dropping by. Got to
do it again soon. Allessia have the
longest there of Invesco. Let's give you
an update on stories elsewhere this
morning, including the latest on Walmart
with your Bloom Bloomberg brief. Here's
Yahara. Hey, Yahara.
>> Hi, John. Exactly. We start on Walmart.
Shares are dropping 2 and a half% this
morning after a rare miss on earnings,
but a raise on its fullear guidance.
Stores open at least one year saw sales
higher than expectations. Adjusted
earnings though came in lower after
higher insurance claims. Walmart's CFO
saying they expect continued market
share gains across all income levels.
Meanwhile, this story dropping just in
the last 10 minutes and Boeing shares
are higher as a result, up 1.7%.
The plane maker is reportedly finalizing
a deal to sell as many as 500 aircraft
to China. sources telling us here at
Bloomberg that the sale would depend on
lowering trade tensions between the US
and China and that talks could still
fall apart. Chinese officials have begun
asking airlines about how many Boeing
planes they would need. And Google is
leaning into its Gemini AI assistant.
The tech giant unveiled new AI powered
gadgets yesterday. The new devices
include the Pixel 10 Pro Fold, the Pixel
Watch 4, and Pixel Buds 2A. The models
will cost between $130 to $1,800 and
will be in store this month. Google's
launch comes before Apple is expected to
show off its new iPhone in September.
That's your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yhara in
about 30 minutes time. Up next on the
program, pressure building on Governor
Cook.
>> I believe it's blatant and massive
mortgage fraud. She shouldn't be at the
Federal Reserve. She's going to resign
in my view. And if she doesn't resign, I
do believe that the president has caused
to fire her and that will be up to the
president whether he decides to do that
or not.
>> That conversation up next with Ed Mills
of Rayma James live from New York City
this morning. Good morning.
[Music]
News on Day Force just breaking these
headlines across the terminal. Tom Bravo
to take Day Force private for $70 a
share in cash. Stock trading at 6835, up
1.4% this morning.
>> There's been just a huge spate of take
privates. It's day fours today.
Yesterday it was guest. Earlier it was
Soho House. You're seeing a lot of these
companies not wanting to find homes in
the public markets and privates are
happy to jump in. I'm really excited
though. I'm going to be speaking to Tom
Bravo partner Holden Spate about this
and I wonder just how easy it was for
them to convince Day Force that they
should be a private company.
>> This is a theme I'm pleased you put up
um picked up on the other companies.
This is something Mark Rowan of Apollo's
talked about repeatedly. the private
market's going to get bigger and bigger
and maybe the activity in the equity
market, the public equity market gets
smaller and smaller.
>> I think it's something like since the
80s, the amount of public companies have
shrunk by half to the point where I was
even talking with one private equity
executive who said that other smaller
markets like the UK that there's maybe
no even real reason for public markets
there to exist cuz no one wants to exist
on those exchanges.
>> Danny sitting down with Tom Bravo later
on this morning. Look out for that
conversation. 11:00 a.m.
>> 11:00 a.m.
>> 11:00 a.m. Eastern time right here on
Bloomberg TV. Day force positive by
1.3%. And Sennice this morning, pressure
building on Governor Kirk. I mean, this
is supposed to be somebody who's
entrusted with the public good, who's
supposed to be looking after interest
rates. And I believe it's I believe it's
blatant and massive mortgage fraud. I
believe that there will be a criminal
investigation. I'll leave that to the
DOJ whether they do that or not. She
shouldn't be at the Federal Reserve.
She's going to resign in my view. And if
she doesn't resign, I do believe that
the president has caused to fire her and
that will be up to the president whether
he decides to do that or not.
>> So here's the latest this morning. Fed
Governor Lisa Kirk saying she will not
be bullied into stepping down. President
Donald Trump calling on Cook to resign
over allegations of mortgage fraud.
Bloomberg's Mario Parker joins us now
from Washington for more. Mario, welcome
to the program, sir. Good morning. Do we
know if the attorney general Pam Bondi
is going to pursue this?
>> We don't know yet. That's the the one
uncertainty. Uh so far we know that Bill
PTE is pushing for it right now. Uh we
know uh that this is something that he
tried also with Jerome Pal a few months
back as well as they tried to exert
power there. Uh whether or not Pam Bondi
will follow through with an actual
investigation or andor um indictment
along those lines remains to be seen at
this point.
>> Mario, do we know where this came from?
Was this an individual investigation?
Was this something that Mr. Pauly was
looking across the whole of the Federal
Reserve system? select individuals
across the whole government. What was
the approach taken here?
>> Well, there's a couple of things that
we're seeing emerge right now. We're not
sure. One of the questions that we are
trying to figure out is uh some of the
mechanisms how uh Lisa Cook's uh
information got pulled and why, right?
But what we do know is that Bill Py uh
essentially has emerged as a somewhat of
a flamethrower uh uh for the the
president, right? So, he's waged this
campaign that we've seen against Jerome
Pal, for example, for a couple of
months. He's uh worked with uh Luna and
the Republic uh excuse me, the
Republican uh representative from
Florida, for example, to try to bring
something uh there as well in terms of
investigations. We've seen him just try
to stir the pot here uh with Donald
Trump's either political enemies or in
the case of Lisa Cook, someone who is
standing in the way of some of the
projects or excuse me, some of the
programs that he'd like to enact.
>> Mario, appreciate your time. I imagine
you'll keep track of this story. Mario
Parker over in Washington DC. Ed Mills
of Raymond James joins us now for more.
Ed, help us continue this conversation.
We've seen plenty of pressure put on
Federal Reserve officials for years, for
decades. Is this different?
>> Yeah. Um, it's really different. I don't
think I've ever seen a uh government
official uh come out with mortgage
documents uh accusing them of fraud,
getting a uh potential criminal uh
referral over to the Department of
Justice. Um what we have seen here is
that the Supreme Court in a opinion by
Justice Roberts saying that the only way
in which the president could remove a
governor or the Fed chair is for cause
and Bill Py is trying to find cause. He
went after Jay Powell on the renovations
and he's now going after Governor Cook
on um her mortgage documents. Whether or
not it works um that's a big if. I do
think that there's a higher probability
that President Trump would be willing to
fire a governor versus the chair because
the chair has a high profile. Most
people in Washington and in this country
don't know who the Fed governors are,
which puts this at a much higher risk.
>> Presumably, Ed, though, if the president
does try to do that, a legal battle
would unfold. just how messy and
complicated would that get for the Fed
and investors trying to understand the
future of the FOMC?
>> Yeah, Danny, I think it's a really
interesting question because on one
hand, Dr. Lisa Cook has the longest part
of her term left. A term on the Federal
Reserve is for 14 years. She goes into
2038. So, she certainly could play this
out for years if she wants to. However,
when I have observed the Fed, I do
believe that they have some level of
independence, but they keep that level
of independence by navigating the
political waters in Washington DC. They
look to see their actions and say, "Is
this going to cost us our independence?
Is this going to cause change? What can
we do to make sure that the rest of DC
largely leaves us alone?" So, I don't
know if this is a Fed that necessarily
wants to go through this battle, but
it's also a Fed that does not want to be
seen to be caving to the political
pressures. So, Danny, what I look at is
are there other officials at the Fed
that might be thinking about leaving
that stay on longer, especially Jerome
Powell because traditionally the chair
leaves, but he is not required to leave
once his chairmanship is up because his
term as governor goes into 2028. So in
this future where perhaps they are able
to get cookout and to your point she has
a long term ahead of them a lot of noise
has been made that you maybe would have
four Trump appointees of Fed governors
and that they could reshape the FOMC.
Ed, you have people like Waller on there
who are very well spoken in their dovish
view and don't necessarily seem to be
caving in to politics. If you have
Myron, if you have Bowman, you have one
other. Does that change? Does our trust
in the political independence of the Fed
alter?
>> Yeah, Danny, this is a big question I've
been getting at Raymond James. They want
to know um is the independence of the
Fed up for debate. They want to know
what the direction of monetary policy
and regulatory policy is going to be.
It's very clear that the regulatory
policy is picking up steam. Michelle
Bowman, the new vice chair for
supervision, she's aggressively pursuing
that. So, we know that's locked in. Um
but the Fed is a consensus building
body. Most votes are 70. Most votes are
unanimous on the FOMC. In the last 20
years, we had two no votes um on a
monetary policy decision 2005 and then
Michelle Bowman in the fall. Last
meeting, we had another two votes. And
so what we're looking at is as there is
a shift in the majority because right
now there are two Trump appointees,
Waller and Bowman. But once Paulo is
out, once Mirren is in there, that's
where you know that it's 4-3. It might
be 5-2 if Michelle um if if Dr. Lisa
Cook decides to go or if Michael Bar
decides to go, Bill Jefferson decides to
go. And at that point, does the rest of
the team decide to largely go along with
these policies, especially on monetary
policy, because the Fed always wants to
send the message that this is not
partisan, that they have looked at the
data. This is what the model says. They
have the best economists in the world.
And Danny, they want to say that this is
the right decision, that there wasn't a
lot of debate on whether or not this
should happen. And if they don't have
the ability to do that, you actually
might see some of the previous Biden
appointees saying, "For the good of the
board and the good of the independence
of the Fed, we might want to step down
so that consensus can continue to build
if they're not able to be part of that
consensus."
>> Ed Mills of Raymond James. Ed, I have no
doubt we'll be talking about this again
sometime soon. Ed, thank you, sir.
Danny, I'm pleased you brought up Robert
Kaplan, the former Dallas Fed president
who had to step down, resign because a
lot of attention was put on his
financial disclosures through the
pandemic. And I pulled up this from
2024. It was a bipartisan letter to the
Federal Reserve's Office of Inspector
General, Senators Rick Scott and
Elizabeth Warren, calling out the Fed's
IG for failure to hold officials
accountable for violating Federal
Reserve rules. Look, it was bipartisan
then. Why is it partisan now? That's the
question I would have this morning. By
the way, Elizabeth Warren responded to
this saying, "It's good to have pressure
on the Fed, by the way, but this is the
wrong type of pressure."
>> I'm not saying it's the right kind of
pressure. I'm just saying we need to be
consistent about this. If there is a
legal process, and I've got no idea if
there will be one, there isn't one right
now. Let's give it space to play out and
see what happens in the same way we did
last time with the regulations around
this Federal Reserve coming out of the
pandemic. From New York City, more to
come. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Live from New York City, welcome to the
program. Equity futures down again on a
4-day losing streak. We're negative by
0.16% on the S&P. On the NASDAQ, we're
down by a tenth heading into this. The
Fed's Jackson Hole Economic Symposium
kicking off today in Wyoming. Kansas
City Fed President Jeffrey Smith saying
officials will be closely watching
inflation data ahead of next month's
interest rate decision. He spoke with
Bloomberg's Mike McKe just yesterday.
>> This is, as you know, kind of an
interesting uh uh month because we've
got Jackson Hole and and then we've got
quite a few weeks of data to kind of
pull in. So, uh so I'm I'm really I
think everybody's quite interested in
some of the maybe the uh prints that
happened in the last couple months and
kind of where where they go from here.
Um so I'm I'm I'm like everybody. I'm I
I think there was some fascinating
conversations at the last FOMC as you
know there were a couple descents. Uh I
I think my interpretation of what's
happening especially in the labor market
is that the first couple quarters a lot
of business people were just saying um
it it there's uncertainty enough and I
think they kind of cooled a little bit
on the higher side. But the most recent
couple weeks that we've been talking to
businesses in the district, uh there
seems to be a a burgeoning optimism
again that they've kind of digested and
and they've been agile enough to try to
work their way through some of the new
policies uh from the administration and
maybe going forward uh maybe we'll see a
little bit of uptick. That said, I still
believe there's that the that the
inflation number uh is is trending
closer to three than two. Well, we saw
that in the minutes that in general the
open market committee felt that
inflation was a bigger danger at this
point. Would you say that's your view
now?
>> It it would be my view now. I I think
with an understanding that what may have
happened in the first couple quarters on
the labor side, which I think concerned
several people uh were on the committee
uh me included. But I I think the the
this PPI was interesting. That print was
interesting. But I I really believe that
that when we talk to uh a lot of our uh
uh a lot of folks in our district is
that if you if you had to kind of lean
or have a bias toward it would be on the
inflation side.
>> Maybe you've moved toward the middle in
terms of whether you should hold rates
or cut rates.
>> Yeah. You know, it's it's really
fascinating. You know, you think about
uh and you have great experience in
this. When you get to the policy table,
uh there when when you're talking about
it, it it everything's connected to uh
the two the dual mandate, right? And
when inflation is is is really ramping
up, you have a blunt instrument and you
act, which is what we did. Um, now as
you get closer to the the optimum dual
mandate numbers, it actually becomes
more difficult to make decisions on the
margin relative to where that policy
rate should go. Uh, and so that I think
that's where you're seeing a lot of the
debate now is, you know, where where's
your lean? Is it where do you believe
things are too restrictive on the policy
rate side or not? I think they're
modestly restrictive. I'm still trying
to find ways what's what's being
inhibited in the economy from where our
policy rate is today. Uh and but I I
think we're on a good path.
>> So at this point uh it probably would be
a mistake for Chairman Pal on Friday to
say definitely we're going to cut as he
did last year.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I I I'm always uh can't wait
for that that speech. I think he he
keeps it close fest. I wouldn't frontr
run him even if I knew. But but um I I
think that we've been doing so much work
this year uh around the framework around
around really getting into uh where how
we get this soft landing to 2% uh
without breaking anything. Uh so I I
think he has a lot of different
directions to go and I I think it'll be
a a very anticipated uh discussion.
Well, how do you think you should
communicate going forward? Because there
are some people who are candidates for
the to be the next chair who say the Fed
talks too much.
>> Yeah. Wow. Well,
you hear both sides of that coin all the
time, right? One, do we keep too much to
our best? two, do why aren't we doing
more uh kind of transmitting future uh
crystal ball or or or um how are we how
are we interpreting the numbers to a
future uh event? Uh you know, the SCP
and the dot plot is maybe some of that.
Uh but I I don't hear a lot that we that
we don't talk enough uh or or express
ourselves enough. I think it's more
important where the American public is
concerned is they understand we do a
better job uh helping them understand
what we're doing and why we're doing it.
Uh and and the dual mandate and the and
the crispness of those two mandates help
us help us a lot in in the role we have.
>> I have to ask you about the the latest
presidential tweets and the attack on
Lisa Cook, Governor Cook. Uh, I know
that Fed officials will always say, "We
don't let politics come into the
boardroom. We do just what we think we
should do on the economy. We don't even
talk about it." But you've got to be
getting sick of this.
>> No. Well, look, um, I I I'm I'm a little
philosophical about the whole
conversation of Fed independence and and
where our role is uh in the uh American
economy. Um, we're almost 250 years old
as a nation. I think there's uh
something to be said. We were built on
words and and and we continue to debate
those words legislatively and
judicially. Uh whatever those whatever
friction we might have with other
branches of of the government. I think
great steel's tested by fire. So what we
can always be better. We can always do
this better. But I think I think the
nature of independence uh and and I
think don't believe me, believe other uh
nations that have central banks and
don't uh it seems to work. But but uh
but I'm always open for the conversation
of how do we make it better.
>> Well, do you think uh the Fed has
suffered a hit to credibility by the
constant attacks from Washington? Um I
so I I think the credibility issue is
more in uh are we fulfilling our
responsibility and role around the
actions of of monetary policy and
monetary operations. And I think the the
the work we do on behalf of the American
people is very important to their
lifestyle and their living. Uh and um I
I I want to make sure that our
reputation stays strong around the
things that we're mandated to do by
Congress. Uh other than that, it there
there's a lot of noise outside of of
that dual mandate. Uh and look, you're
you you take this chair, you do this
job, and and uh people are going to have
opinions, and I I'm fine with that.
>> Do when you talk to people, do they
understand why you're not lowering
interest rates?
>> Actually, it's interesting. I So, we're
going to have two sets of folks that we
would talk to. one are going to be
business people and finance people that
really they understand it because they
have to. I mean, I'm a former banker. Uh
you have to risk manage the cycles of
rates to run your bank well and and and
profitably. Uh it's it's the it's the
general public that we continue to try
to reach to to give them some sense of
what this dual mandate means to them. uh
and and I think there's a little bit of
perfection in in the the healthy
friction between uh full employment and
stable prices and and I I I actually
like that friction and and and it allows
us to kind of balance and rebalance what
we're doing on their behalf and it's
100% on their behalf. Uh if you reach
full employment and if you keep prices
stable, people can work and and and
thrive and I I think that's an important
piece of what the Fed does.
That was the Kansas City Fed President
Jeffrey Schmidt sitting down with
Bloomberg's Mike McKe. It is 5:30 a.m.
in Jackson Hall, Wyoming. Sunrise in
about 45 minutes or so. Mike McKe's
safely and comfortably in his hotel
room, I believe. Mike, good morning to
you, sir. Fantastic exchange as always.
This line stood out for us all. If you
had to lean or have a bias towards it
would be on the inflation side. Will
Chairman Pal be in the same boat
tomorrow?
>> He's probably in the same boat. The
issue is whether he will talk about it
at length enough for us to know where he
lands. Uh, and I think he's going to try
to avoid that because at this point they
don't know what the next data are going
to show. It was interesting, I thought,
that Schmidt, who has been one of the
most hawkish members on the Fed and has
pushed against rate cuts anytime soon,
is now saying he's open to it if the
data show that they need to do that. So
if we get a bad employment report uh and
a reasonably moderate inflation number
then you might see more people on the
Fed than Waller and Bowman who are
willing to vote for a rate cut in
September.
>> Mike, what was interesting there is that
we did get a bad employment report and
he hasn't changed his views. So when you
look at the Federal Reserve minutes from
yesterday and everyone turns around and
says they're super stale, they're dated,
ignore them. I just wonder how many
people have maintained those views from
their Federal Reserve meetings even with
the payrolls report we got two days
later.
you probably have most of the board
retaining those views because basically
it was uh 17 well 16 against 18 since
Cougler didn't vote uh saying that
inflation was the bigger risk and so
there's a bias going into September that
they shouldn't move which is not at all
what the markets think and they're going
to want to see the data and again it's
going to come down to a question of how
bad the employment report is and how bad
the inflation report is if inflation
shows signs of really picking up, then
probably September 17th is going to be a
tough cell for a rate cut.
>> Mike, just quickly, the increased
scrutiny of this institution, an
institution that you've covered for a
long, long time. It's kind of the
elephant in the room in Jackson Hole,
Wyoming now. The pressure that's coming
from the White House and elsewhere in
Washington DC, they clearly want to
change this institution. They're clearly
pursuing that objective in different
ways. Mike, I just wonder what the
reaction's been on the ground in the
last few days while you've been there.
>> Well, basically everybody agrees that
something needs to change in the Fed's
framework, which JP Pal is expected to
outline on Friday because they put a lot
more weight on employment in the last
framework and obviously inflation is now
a bigger issue for most of them and then
the question becomes what's the new
leader going to do? what's he going to
uh pursue in terms of Fed policy? Some
have said as as we were discussing in
the interview with Jeff Schmidt that the
Fed talks too much. They should dial
back on their communi individual
communications and uh try to explain
more about what they're doing. But does
that really make a difference in the
sense of American people paying
attention to this? Uh Wall Street pays
attention minute to minute, but do the
American people pay attention to it
other than basically when they go to the
grocery store? Second to second, never
mind. Minute to minute. Mike, appreciate
it, sir. Looking forward to your
coverage. Michael McKe there in Jackson
Hole, Wyoming. The latest on the Federal
Reserve. That opening exchange with the
Kansas City Fed president, the host of
that annual get together in Jackson.
This is the line that stands out. Can
you imagine if Chairman Pal turns around
and says, "If I had a bias, I'd be
leaning to the inflation side."
>> It would be so painful. It'd be really
painful. This is a market that at one
point was pricing in 100% odds that
they'd be cutting in September. We've
backed off that, but still 80%. But I
wonder John if he doesn't even need to
go that far to upset markets. If he just
gets up there and he says we are data
dependent. It matters on the labor
market figures that we are going to see
in the coming months. That in itself
might be enough to rattle markets if he
doesn't confirm a cut. And you add in
the political pressure. Why would he
confirm a cut? He doesn't want to seem
appearing at all to be caving into the
pressure from the White House.
>> I've seen it in so many notes. Just this
one line in research notes across Wall
Street. Not going to lock it in. He's
not going to lock it in. he's not going
to lock it in. That's even from people
who believe he will be cutting interest
rates a month from now.
>> But part of the crazy thing about that
too is JP Morgan, their trading desk had
this note out saying, "We looked at FX,
we looked at rates, and no one is
pricing an event risk. No one is hedging
around Jackson Hole because they think
September is a lock. So even though the
warnings are there, it could be an ugly
day because it would seem that with
positioning, people aren't prepared for
it."
>> Chairman Pal speech coming up tomorrow
morning. Full coverage right here on
Bloomberg TV and on Bloomberg radio.
futures at the moment negative by 210 of
1% on the S&P 500. Bond yields bleeding
just a little bit higher across the
curve up a basis point at the front end
up by two at the very long end. So that
curve steepening comes back through twos
at 376 30s at about 492. Let's get you
an update on stories elsewhere this
morning with your Bloomberg brief.
Here's Yahara. Hey yara.
>> Hi John. The US and European Union are
finalizing the details of their trade
deal and looking into carveouts for key
exports. The US is committing to lower
tariffs for specific countries on
products like autos, aircraft, generic
pharmaceuticals, and some natural
resources. Officials are also
considering cooperation on steel and
aluminum tariffs. Meanwhile, Federal
Reserve Governor Lisa Cook says she will
not be bullied from her position. Cook
responded in a statement after calls for
her resignation from President Trump
amid allegations of mortgage fraud from
housing regulator Bill Py. Cook added
she'll answer any legitimate questions
about her financial history. And Vice
President JD Van says Russia wants some
territory Ukraine controls as part of
peace negotiations while talks also
include security guarantees for Ukraine.
His comments coming as the US is working
to set up a bilateral meeting between
the leaders of both countries to move
negotiations forward, but a time and
place have yet to be determined. That's
your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yahara, thank you. More from Yihara in
the next hour in about 30 minutes from
now. Up next on the program, the dual
mandate in conflict.
>> Now, as you get closer to the the
optimum dual mandate numbers, it
actually becomes more difficult to make
decisions. That's where you're seeing a
lot of the debate now is, you know,
where where's your lean?
>> Where is your lean? That conversation up
next with the former Fed Governor Betsy
Duke from New York. This is Bloomberg.
Equity
[Music]
futures negative here by 210 of 1% on
the S&P 500. Similar move on the NASDAQ
once again following four days without
gains on the benchmark stage side. In
the bond market, yields creeping higher
across the curve. Twos out to 30s. Up a
single basis point on twos to 376. A
steeper curve this morning up two or
three on a 30-year creeping back towards
5 492 491 93. Danny, these comments from
the Atlanta Fed President Rafael Bostik
saying this on payrolls, the replacement
rate could be 50 to 75K
essentially get ready for lower payrolls
in our future and going on to say the
employment trajectory is potentially
troubling, but one rate cut for this
year is kind of still where I am. I
think it's really important to take both
of these comments together to get an
understanding with just how much they're
viewing the labor market and how
impactful and what the bar is to get bad
numbers to move them to cut. And this
suggests that the bar is higher that you
need something uglier because maybe this
is a supply side story. Maybe this is
because less people are coming in and
Fed cuts aren't going to bring in more
workers. So you have that on one side
and then on the other side you have the
Wallers of the world genuinely
concerned. How does Powell bridge that
gap when he speaks? It is a consensus
that will be incredibly difficult to
build.
>> This Federal Reserve is divided and
finds itself in a tough spot. Under
surveillance this morning, the dual
mandate in conflict.
>> Now, as you get closer to the the
optimum dual mandate numbers, it
actually becomes more difficult to make
decisions on the margin relative to
where that policy rate should go. Uh and
so that I think that's where you're
seeing a lot of the debate now is you
know where where's your lean? Is it
where do you believe things are too
restrictive on the policy rate side or
not? If you if you had to kind of lean
or have a bias toward it would be on the
inflation side.
>> So here's the latest this morning. The
Federal Reserve heading into Jackson
Hole facing down upside risk to
inflation and downside risk to
employment. The minister from the Fed's
last meeting indicating quote a majority
of participants judge the upside risk to
inflation as the greater of these two
risks. The former Fed governor Betsy
Juke joins us now for more. Betsy,
welcome back to the program. It's good
to lean on your experience as always.
Let's just start with the premise of the
issue. Do you believe that we do see a
dual mandate in conflict?
>> I'm not sure it's quite in conflict yet.
When you look at the unemployment
numbers and you go back to the last um
projections that the Fed did, the median
um participant thought that the
long-term rate of unemployment would be
a 4.2, which is exactly where we are.
So, I'm not sure that the the the number
of jobs created because of supply side
issues as you were discussing is enough
to to consider that out of whack. So
Betsy, going into this speech from
Chairman Pal, I just wonder how much has
actually changed for him since we got
that payroll report a few Fridays ago.
I don't think a lot has changed. The um
the the payroll numbers are the most
unreliable indicator that you get
because they're so frequently revised
and the revisions I think the average
revision is 100,000 jobs. So So that is
huge. Um I I'll tell you one story. when
we when I was at the Fed with Jay and we
were discussing launching QE3
and there was a lot of concern amongst
Jay, myself and and and Jeremy um about
launching QE3 and we got a bad payroll
number. We launched QE3 a year later
when you looked at how that number had
been adjusted it would not have
justified launching QE3 at all. So then
Betsy this time around if he's having to
deal with those inputs but then also
having to deal with Musulum Daily
ironically Cook who have all turned more
dovish does Powell necessarily need to
incorporate those views when he speaks?
Does he need to also have some of that
dovish lean incorporated into his
outlook because some of the rest of the
FOMC is going there.
He is always aware of where every member
of the FOMC is because the job of the
chairman is to lead. It's not to set
policy and force everybody to agree. The
job of the chairman is to lead and to
know where all of the the participants,
all the members of the FOMC are at any
given time. If the if his speech though
also has to do with cementing his
legacy, Betsy, considering where we go
from here, considering there will be a
new Fed governor in 2026, you know the
man well. What do you expect that to
look like from Powell? What does it
sound like to have a Fed chair who tries
to come out and defend independence and
have that legacy but without provoking
the politics of the moment and the White
House?
>> So I think J Palms of his legacy is
looking at what happens to his mandate.
what happens to inflation, what happens
to employment, and how well does he
manage that? It's not any single speech.
And and I would would be shocked if if
he was viewing it that way.
>> Do you think there is a bias when it
comes to handling and targeting
inflation over say the prospects for the
labor market? Do you have a bias? Is
there an inherent bias on the committee
to prioritize one over the other?
I you know so everybody who comes on the
committee ultimately gets labeled as a
hawk or a dove. I um I don't think it's
that clear-cut. I I think you know for
myself I probably do have a bit of a
bias on inflation because you know I
started my career in the 70s and the
vulkar years when when inflation was
just out of control but but I don't
think there's a real bias inside the
room one way or the other. It's more a
matter of which one seems the most
difficult to manage at the time.
>> And what do you think is the most
difficult to manage right now?
>> I still think inflation is much more
difficult.
>> And do you think it gets harder in the
months to come? Do you suspect we will
see more pass through from the tariffs?
>> Well, yeah, it's going to be very hard
to determine once you start getting pass
through, is that pass through a one-time
price change or is it going to be
persistent? And you really really
they're going to be watching um what
expectations are. Inflation expectations
are going to be the key um over the next
year or two. If inflation expectations
get out of line, then the Fed will be
very concerned.
>> But Betsy, isn't there an argument to be
made which Neil Duta at Renaissance
Macro makes that it's the direction of
travel that's troubling? That inflation
for the most part has been traveling in
the right way, but the labor market is
traveling in the wrong way.
>> I I again I I I just don't see that. I
think inflation has been fairly steady.
It hasn't been coming down as much as I
would have expected if um if the current
setting of monetary policy was as
restrictive as some seem to think.
>> So Betsy, just bringing it all back
around about what we're going to get
from the Fed governor tomorrow. Do you
expect there to be any change for how we
view where the path of policy is after
we hear from Jay Powell or will tomorrow
be inconsequential as far as that goes?
If where we means where we the media,
where we investors think policy is
going, I think there may be a change
because I don't see any um any chance
that there's a nod toward a September
cut or any promise of a September cut. I
think he's going to f focus primarily on
the decision framework and um not give
any indication of where he's leaning for
September.
>> Interesting. Betsy, thank you for giving
us some time this morning. Appreciate
it. the former Fed Governor Bessie Duke
there on the Federal Reserve. That's
another one. Heard that a few times now
already this morning, haven't we?
>> Yeah. That he's not going to give any
sort of direction of where where things
will go. Again, I think this is a market
that really wants him to solidify a cut.
It's potential vulnerability on the
front end that we've kind of backed off
as. But I bring up JP Morgan again.
Nobody seems to be hedging that we are
going to get event risk despite the fact
you and I have heard from so many who
have said he wants to leave the options
open. Maybe he talks about data
dependence, but certainly won't solidify
that they're cutting in September.
>> I take away there on payrolls to hear
Bessie Jude talk about QE3 all those
years ago and to say that if we'd had
the revisions that we actually got a
year later, we probably wouldn't have
done QE3. That's quite a statement.
>> I wonder if some people feel that way
about the last decision that if they had
had the revisions in hand, maybe they
would have cut.
>> That's the conversation we've had with
the Treasury Secretary Scott Besson who
sat right there and basically said the
same thing. Coming up on the program,
Sam Stoville of CFR, David Bellinger of
Missouo, Cladio Irrigzan of Bank of
America, and Megan Robson of BMP
Parabath. The third hour of Bloomberg
Surveillance just around the corner.
>> You don't want to have a scenario where
tech and tech capex slows down.
>> There could be just overall concerns
about what happens if financial
conditions stay too tight and what that
means for AI and AI capex. Tech
contributes to the aura that surrounds
the markets.
>> We need to see a development beyond AI
and cyerspec. We're wary of being
involved for too long.
>> Time for a breather. Everybody was piled
into the same trade.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
an Marie Hordern.
>> Down every single day so far this week.
Four days going back to Friday without
gains on the S&P 500. Equity futures.
Your scores shaping up as follows. We're
down by 0.3% on the S&P. Down another
210 on the NASDAQ 100 later this hour
about 29 minutes from now. Another read
on the labor market in America. Jobless
claims just around a corner 8:30. Then
in the next hour about 9:45 Eastern
time, US PMIs in America. Another read
on the US economy.
>> I think the labor market data is going
to be interesting. For one, it
represents the NFP week, which in itself
is interesting considering what the data
has been doing. There are growing
concerns about the labor market, but you
see a market more sensitivity to let's
call it the second tier of labor market
data just because there are questions of
accuracy around the BLS data. So you can
see more of an impact just on the weekly
figures.
>> A huge theme for us so far this morning.
Danny and I talking about it over the
last 2 hours or so. Looking ahead to
Jackson Hole, Wyoming and Chairman Pal's
address is just what hasn't changed for
so many Fed officials. So we look at the
Fed minister from yesterday stale dated
whatever. They're super offsite, going
into a really weak payroll sprint. Minds
have been changed. They cut interest
rates in September. We've heard from a
Fed official already, Kansas City Fed
President sitting down and speaking to
Mike McKe who's basically not changed
his mind at all based on that payroll
figure.
>> We also heard from Boston giving a
speech just moments ago saying that he
could see one rate cut for this year.
Those that are hawkish and where the
biases towards inflation are remaining
there. That one print wasn't enough. So,
what do we get from Powell? It's
unlikely just given what we've heard
from some of those governors that he's
likely to say, "Yeah, you're right. It's
time. The time for change is now we're
going to cut." It's not going to be like
last year of the time to adjust has
arrived. So, what happens if you have a
Powell that kind of doesn't say
anything? Says we're data dependent. Is
this a market that needs to do some
serious readjusting?
>> That's the risk going into tomorrow
morning. Coming into this hour, coming
up over the next 60 minutes, we'll catch
up with Sam Stovl of CFRA as markets
level off after a two-day tech selloff.
Clauddio Irrigosen of Bank of America
reacting to Walmart earnings and Megan
Robson of BMP Parabar as tension
continues to build going into Jackson
Hole. We begin this hour in Jackson
Hole, Wyoming where the Federal Reserve
faces down a big decision heading into
September. Lisa is there ahead of
Chairman Pal's speech tomorrow. Morning
Bremo. What's in store?
>> Good morning, John. What we're looking
at right now is three potential issues
that really are at the forefront. The
first and foremost is the political
pressure. The idea of Fed independence,
how much that's going to be very much
part of the agenda, not just with Fed
members themselves, but also Christine
Lagarde of the ECB, Andrew Bailey of the
Bank of England, all coming here to
really fortify this importance of uh
global central banking independence. The
second thing is the framework review.
That sounds boring. It is not. It has to
do with inflation. whether they are
going to target some sort of average
inflation range, how they're going to re
reiterate the goal of 2% inflation at a
time where inflation has not been below
2% since 2021. And the third thing that
really is important is how they consider
the labor market. Remember that the
theme here is a labor market in
transition. How do they consider a low
payroll uh number overall? Is this an
issue of the supply side of immigration
going down or the demand side weakness
in the economy that they have to address
with rate cuts? And those are the things
people are going to be listening for to
get a clues to get a clue for what uh
interest rate policy will be going
forward.
>> Lisa, you and I have been to a few of
these events together over the years.
Does this one feel different for you
relative to what's gone on before?
It does because of the political
interference, because of the political
noise, because of the investigation that
was announced into Lisa Cook and this
question of what President Trump has up
his sleeve to try to get dominance over
the Fed board. A question of what is the
goal for reshaping the Federal Reserve
at a time where there still is a plan to
cut interest rates. In other words, how
would a transformation of the Federal
Reserve under President Donald Trump
look so much different from the current
Fed, which does seem biased to a
doubbish stance, even with inflation not
having fallen below 2% since the uh
since about 5 years ago. So, this really
is the key tension here at a time where
a lot of academics have really uh have
really beat the drum on the idea of
central bank independence and how
important that is in order to anchor
long-term inflation expectations. Lisa,
just before you go, UTK and Mike McKe
will have a special program tomorrow
morning from Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Who
you're looking forward to speaking to?
What are the big names we need to look
out for?
>> Well, Susan Collins, of course, will be
joining us. Uh Kate Moore will be
joining us uh as well. We're going to be
speaking to a whole host of different
policy makers. I'm actually very
interested to hear uh what the head of
the German central bank has to say in
particular about global central bank
independence at a time where there's a
real question of whether we're entering
a new inflationary regime. We're going
to be speaking with him as well uh
tomorrow morning. So, a real question
here about the role of central banking
in a pivotal moment where the economy is
very much hotly debated on Wall Street
just as much as it is behind closed
doors among academics.
>> Brao looking forward to the
conversations tomorrow morning. get some
rest. Lisa, thanks for waking up early.
Appreciate it. Thank you very much, Lisa
Bravett's there in Jackson Hole,
Wyoming, ahead of that big speech
tomorrow morning from the Fed chair J
Pal.
>> There's a lot of at stake because he's
stuck between a rock and a hard place on
multiple fronts. Be it the inflation
picture versus the labor market, be what
tariffs are going to be doing. And of
course, the 1,800 lb gorilla in the
room. I don't know how much they weigh,
but that is the politics. Sorry, the
bear in the room.
>> Grizzly bears, which is why I'm not
there. I'm petrified of them. Yeah,
you're not likely to run into one here.
So, great.
>> Grandma goes hiking, which is absolutely
nuts. You have to go around with the
bells to make sure the bears know you're
coming.
>> Yeah, I was going to say I think if you
see a bear, you're supposed to make
yourself really big and yell so you
don't startle it so they're very aware
of you and slowly back off. And
apparently the worst thing you can do is
run. If I'm seeing a bear, I'm I'm
running.
>> If you see cubs, you're probably done
for, which is why I want nothing to do
with it. Good luck to you, Brao.
Apparently, I was told my key told me a
long long time ago, you just have to be
faster than the slowest person.
>> That's that's the secret.
>> That's good. which is kind of gruesome
when you think about it. All right,
here's a view on Wall Street this
morning. Sam Stoval of CFRA writing
this. Even though the inflation picture
has become a bit murkier, CFRA still
expects the FOMC to cut rates by 25
basis points at both this September and
December meetings. Sam joins us now for
more. Sam, welcome to the program, sir.
Let's just talk about expectations going
into tomorrow. Is there some scope for
disappointment here ahead of Chairman
Pal's speech?
>> Well, I think so. the disappointment
could come in that he's not going to be
dovish and giving any kind of a signal
that the Fed will be cutting rates in
September. Um, you know, people have
asked me, well, is he going to make some
sort of a statement because it will be
his final Jackson Hole meeting? Uh, and
my thought is no, he's not going to
sound like Douglas MacArthur speaking to
Congress uh be after he was let go by
President Truman. he might end up
sounding more like uh Stonewall Jackson
saying we're going to focus on the data.
We're not going to be uh driven by
political desires. Uh and so as a
result, we have so many more data points
between now and the September FOMC
meeting that that's what he's going to
say is we're going to monitor that data.
>> What happens to risk assets? What
happens to bonds if he does that, Sam,
on a market that's gotten excited
pricing in a September cut?
Well, I think that the bond market might
actually breathe a sigh of relief
because if we have too doubbish of a
Fed, if we have too many rate cuts, I
think the bond vigilantes are going to
step in and say, "Wait a minute, we
already have a problem with inflation."
Expectations are that we're going to get
a 2.9% year-on-year core PCE print uh at
the end of this month. And it could be
rising above the 3% level before year
end. and at the same time probably
seeing fewer than a 100,000 new jobs
created between now and year end uh with
each monthly print and unemployment rate
uh challenging the 4.5% level. So I
think that uh the bond investors will
probably say good for the Fed because we
need to do more to fight inflation.
>> Sam, some of those concerns you're
laying out that might be relieved. Is
that part of what's playing out in the
long end of the curve right now? a
30-year yield near 5%, a 530s curve that
is the steepest since 2021. Is it
reflecting some of that stubborn
inflation and a bond market that's too
worried about a FOMC that's overly
dovish?
>> I think that certainly is a possibility
and that could be a reason why we've
seen a digestion of three and a half%
for the tech sector. uh or I should say
um yeah 3 and a half for the tech sector
but a a lesser decline for the S&P 500
since the August 12th high. Uh and I
think investors have to re-evaluate
where we're going.
>> So Stan, we just got this headline. It
just crossed Sam from Walmart. They said
the CEO says tariff costs are increasing
each week. This I keep saying Sam is a
process and not a one-off event. How do
you see this playing out in the months
to come? because we heard from Goldman
Sachs in the last week or so that they
see companies taking this on margin for
now, but they think in the next few
months it gets passed on to the
consumer. How do you see things playing
out?
>> Well, there's that old saying that the
consumer stops spending only when the
banks stop lending. Uh so the consumers
will probably continue to spend, but the
question is, will companies like Walmart
uh continue to pass along some of those
higher prices? they were uh absorbing
most of them early on. Um but they did
say that they expect to see uh better
sales as the year progresses. TJX said
the same thing, ditto for lows. So I
think in general the retailers surprise
to the upside. Uh and so the real
question is when will the tariff uh
effects take place and be found in those
numbers? So consumer discretionary we
have a market weight on right now. Uh we
do uh realize that uh that's where you
could be pretty cautious because if
things do change then it could cause
investor sentiment to decline uh as well
as consumer expenditures.
>> Sam, what do you think we're pricing
here? Aren't we pricing a reaceleration
in growth in this economy?
>> U well reaceleration up to 2% uh down
from or up from about 1.8% is our
forecast for the third quarter. So I
don't really regard that as an
acceleration. Uh I did hear uh an
earlier guest speak about the
possibility for uh GDP growth uh in the
upper 2% area for 2026. Uh our
expectation is that that's a bit
optimistic, but we don't think that we
are headed for uh a slowdown nor in
particular a recession. That's what we
uh experienced earlier in the year. I
like to say that bull markets don't die
of old age, they die of fright. And what
they're most afraid of is recession. And
when that came off the table, that's why
we ended up with a near 30% rebound in
the S&P 500.
>> Hey Sam, appreciate your time as always.
Sam Stove there of CF on this equity
market. Equity futures. Danny, taking
another leg lower, down about a third of
1% this morning. Yeah, it's this slow
bleed lower that has been led by tech
that's made us all look back and try to
come up with that whatever silly little
reason that we can. I wonder how much
Walmart is going to color things from
here and the good earnings that we've
heard from saying that prices only rose
by about 1% in the second quarter. What
happens when they replenish their
inventory? Are we going to look at
Walmart as really the poster child for
the companies that have had solid
earnings this quarter, but margins come
under some serious pressure and prices
change later on in the year? This is the
issue that we've we've all got,
including the Federal Reserve. All that
pre-tariff inventory that was
accumulated by all of these companies
ahead of time, well ahead of the time.
They've been working through all of
that. So, how much signal versus noise
has there actually been in the inflation
prints we've had so far? That's the big
problem. Not for us, for the Federal
Reserve. They got to set policy next
month.
>> Well, again, Walmart really underscores
that there are mitigation strategies to
tariffs that companies have been able to
do. The problem with those strategies is
eventually they stop working when you
need to replenish some of the items that
have already sold and the warehouses in
the inventory you have. So yes,
profitability held up well in the second
quarter. What happens in the third? What
happens in the fourth?
>> Futures this morning, another leg lower,
down a third of 1% on the S&P 500. For
an update on stories elsewhere this
morning with your Bloomberg brief.
Here's Yahira. Hey yra.
>> Hi John. We are seeing Walmart shares
going even lower 3 and.3% as that
earnings call is underway. The company
posting a rare miss on earnings due to
higher insurance claims. Also, the
retailer did raise its fullear guidance
and stores open at least one year saw
sales higher than expected. The CEO
saying on the earnings call moments ago
that tariffs are adding to costs each
week. Meanwhile, we're seeing Boeing
shares moving in the opposite direction,
up 1.2% 2% in the early trade after
reports that the plane maker is
finalizing a deal to sell as many as 500
aircraft to China. Sources telling us
here at Bloomberg that the sale would
depend on lowering trade tensions
between the US and China and that talks
could still fall apart. Chinese
officials have begun asking airlines
about how many Boeing planes they would
need. And the US and European Union are
finalizing the details of a trade deal
and looking into carveouts for key
exports. The US is committing to lower
tariffs for specific countries on
products like autos, aircraft, generic
pharmaceuticals, and some natural
resources. Officials are also
considering cooperation on steel and
aluminum tariffs. That's your Bloomberg
brief. John
>> Yhara, thank you. More from Yahara in
about 30 minutes time. Up next, the
morning calls. Plus, David Bellinger of
Missou reacting to Walmart's mixed
earnings report live from New York City.
You're watching Bloomberg TV.
[Music]
I think we've already seen the
broadening out. The second best
performer is industrials. That's a
broadening. Third best performer year to
date is utilities. The youths up 13.3%.
You're going to tell me that it hasn't
broadened consumer discretionary the
consumer remarkably resilient. I think
it has broadened.
>> John Stalus of Oenheimer working in the
Bloomberg terminal earlier on this
morning. We should hire him. Just
>> sitting there loaded up the Bloomberg
breaking it down. What has performed?
What hasn't?
>> I was going to say I feel like someone
on the Bloomberg News equities team is
going to call him up and say, "Hey, we
need a uh data recap from John Sto every
day."
>> Love John still bullish this equity
market. Likes the rotation he's seeing.
Equities this morning negative. We're
down again. We're off by 0.4% on the
S&P. Following four days without gains,
we add to the move. Could it be day five
on the Nasdaq 100 after two big days of
big tech weakness, we're down by another
0.4%. That's the price action. Here are
your morning calls. First up, Wells
Fargo raising its price target on TJX to
130, saying its earnings had quote
little to no holes with upside across
the board. Your second call from Wedbush
downgrading Instacart to underperform,
saying intense competition and valued
driven consumers may erode market share.
And finally, Piper Sandler raising its
price target on lows to 294, seeing a
bullish second half of the year. Let's
stick with retail. Walmart shares
falling after his second quarter profit
missed expectations for the first time
in 3 years. Following the name, David
Bellinger covers Walmart for Missouo
with an outperform rating and a 115
price target. David joins us now for
more. David, good morning.
>> Good morning. Thanks.
>> Welcome to the program. Great to see
you. Let's just talk about your first
takeaway, your initial impression.
>> Yeah, so you got the shares down
pre-market here. This was a strong
topline quarter from Walmart, but we
didn't get the flow through. And they're
talking about some of these self-
insurance costs that sort of sideswipe
them here in this print. And if you look
at that, it's about four to five cents.
And that that represents pretty much the
miss here. But overall, we think the
core of the business is performing fine.
They als they also noted, sorry John,
just to jump in. They also noted that
prices only rose 1% in the second
quarter. Does that change?
>> That's right. So So yeah, it was 50
basis points in Q1. Q2 was 1.1%. We
should see this gradual phase in and
Walmart CEO Doug McMillan, he was just
talking about each and every week the
the prices going up as the tariffs start
to roll through. So that that's very
much expected. And I'd say so far we
haven't seen any evidence of, you know,
the consumer pushing back to a great
degree. They they've sort of eaten it
and resorted pretty well. That's the
question though into the back half as as
prices get higher and higher. What
happens to spending in general?
>> It was weird though because the CEO's
comments were this is a resilient
consumer, but also higherend consumers
are now shopping at Walmart. Those two
things would seem to be in tension. So
looking at Walmart's earnings, how
resilient does the consumer actually
seem? Yeah, great question. I think the
consumer is incredibly consist
resilient. I think the consumer is
feeling good right now. And Walmart's
had this big win on these mid to upper
income consumers. A lot of not
necessarily trade down, but I think this
is their online business has gotten
really strong with this Walmart Plus
membership. That's where they picked up
all these, you know, upper income type
consumers to go along with the low low
income. So, it's more of a Walmart
specific thing that they've gotten a lot
of these new customers. But but yeah,
it's pretty much anyone can shop there
and they've got really great
merchandising that resounds with
everybody.
>> Who are they taking that business from?
Who's losing customers?
>> Yeah, it's it's all over the place
really. So it's probably a little bit at
Amazon because they're starting to build
out their marketplace now, Walmart, and
they've got about 700 million items.
That's about, you know, a quarter of
what Amazon has. So you're starting to
see that build up, but it's really
across the board. of small independents,
mom and pops, but you know, Target's had
issues. I think Walmart's picked up a
decent amount on that.
>> Target's got issues. Disappointment
yesterday. What did you make of the
disappointment? What was it all about?
>> Yeah, so the the quarter was weak.
Everyone knew that it it got a little
better as it progressed, but still weak
overall. And then this new CEO hire,
Michael Fidelki, investors wanted an
outside hire. They wanted an external
candidate. About a month ago, we ran an
investor survey and it was almost
unanimous. We had 96% of investors said,
"We want an external candidate, someone
who can come in and be really aggressive
and bring wholesale change, maybe be
disruptive to a certain degree." That it
seemed like Fideli was not the guy
people wanted. Not to discredit his 20-
year plus career at Target. Started as
an intern, worked his way up. So, he
knows the business really well, but it
investors didn't see him as the right
guy at the right time to come in and
sort of tear this thing apart and start
over. This happened a lot since co a lot
of seauite changes as kind of being the
prescription to try to turn around
companies. Just looking at some of the
examples you had Starbucks bringing in
someone over from Chipotle that
necessitated changes at Chipotle. Nike
things change. How successful have these
CEO changes been? A few of them we've
had a couple years under the belt. Are
they the right strategy for a company
that is struggling to do a change at the
very top?
>> Yeah, it could be. It depends on the
company, depends on the retailer. These
things can tend tend to be a little uh
say ugly at first, right? You could have
these big earnings revisions down or
companies clearing guidance to set a low
bar, but then it takes several quarters
and tends to be pretty expensive to fix
a business. One that I'd point back
maybe six, seven years ago now was was
Lowe's. Lowe's always underperformed to
Home Depot. They brought in Marvin
Ellison who actually was the head of
stores at Home Depot years ago. Took a
while, but they've caught up. So it's
it's not easy to do and especially when
you're in the public view being a public
company, you've got competitors looking
at all these changes you're making and
trying to, you know, step on your throat
at certain points, right? So that makes
it incrementally more difficult. But
yeah, there's it's definitely possible.
And one other thing I'd say is a lot of
companies throughout the COVID stimulus
era, I'd say they they sort of lost
their way. A lot of work from home, we
saw this at Five Below, saw it at
Target. And this is a a way to sort of
recalibrate all that. Get a new
management team in and sort of clean
everything up again.
>> You know, it's funny. You talk about the
the tension being a public company and
your competitors can hear what you're
doing. You also have a White House that
can hear what you're doing. And it's a
president that specifically has called
out Walmart before for raising prices,
saying that you should be eating the
tariffs. How much do you think that
colors what we're hearing from Walmart
and the kind of things that the CEO is
saying? Again, saying that tariffs are
impacting things week from week. Do you
think that's a complete honest and clear
readout or could things be worth worse,
but they don't want to articulate it
because they know that the president
might be listening?
>> Yeah, I I would say Walmart is probably
the most honest company that I follow
and they've got great data. They give us
great updates. I know they're in
constant dialogue with the White House
on tariffs or just the state of the
consumer. So, what what I read into from
these comments of Walmart is they're
probably the most honest of anyone
talking about these price increases and
how, you know, the low-inccome consumer
might be not necessarily wobbling, but a
little bit weaker, but I I I sort of
trust Walmart and they've got great data
to support all this.
>> I don't think you can overstate the
importance of that meeting that took
place in the White House between the
biggest retailers in this country and
the president. I believe that had was a
massive factor in a change in approach
to the tariffs that we eventually saw
from the White House, from the president
and from the commerce secretary Ham Lnik
>> because the fear was empty shelves. If
they went to the president, they said it
could roll around to Christmas time and
there could be empty shelves. Just think
about the backlash from the consumer. So
finding a way to mitigate that, I think
was really important for the White House
and going forward for the tariff policy.
It's
>> a pretty powerful message coming from
the company this morning. The CEO saying
that tariff costs are increasing each
week and that higher prices are
affecting low and middle inome cohorts.
That's coming from one of the biggest
retailers on the planet speaking
directly to us to the investor. Sure.
But also, as you've pointed out all
morning, to the White House
>> because again, we know that the White
House listens to this. He did it in May
when Walmart said that they were raising
prices, but again, it's also Walmart
that said that the consumer is
resilient. So, there still remains a bit
of tension there.
>> David, before you go, top pick 30
seconds. What is it? So we like Lowe's.
Lowe's coming back from sort of this
housing recovery, right? So it's it's
it's we've seen that play out sort of
starting to get better. We like Walmart
on the e-commerce side actually because
they've got about a hundred billion
dollar annual revenue run rate in the
US. That's second only to Walmart.
You're seeing the profitability pick up
there as well.
>> Amazing. David, good to see you.
>> You too. Thank you.
>> Thank you for dropping by. Appreciate
it. David Bellinger there of Missou. Up
next on the program, some jobless claims
data. The last big data point going into
chairman pal speech tomorrow in Jackson
Hall, Wyoming. We get the thoughts of
Cladio Irrigan of Bank of America. Here
to react from New York City. You're
watching Blue TV.
[Music]
The up and bell 60 minutes away. Data 20
seconds away. Equity futures negative by
a third of 1% on the S&P 500. Likewise
on the Nasdaq. On the Russell, we're
down by 0.6. In the bond market, as we
wait for jobless claims, 2-year, 10year,
and 30-year bond yields just inching
higher by about a basis point or so
across the curve. Up by one on twos, up
by two on 30s. Your 30-year bond yield
491. Jobless claims about to cross the
Bloomberg terminal. Let's cross over to
Mike McKe to get a read on things. The
estimate 225, the previous number 224.
With some economic data, let's cross
over to Mike McKe in Jackson Hole,
Wyoming. Good morning, Michael.
>> Good morning, John. What we've got is
235,000,
which is a increase from last time, but
it is not as bad as people might have
expected. It's certainly above the 225
and maybe a hint that things are turning
around, but remember this is sort of
back to school time. So, we're going to
see some ups and downs in jobless
claims. 1,972,000
is the continuing claims number. That's
up from 1,942,000.
So, we do see there a uh another
indication that people are not getting
jobs as quickly. Philadelphia Fed number
comes in uh with a uh slight gain there
uh to actually it falls I'm sorry read
that wrong negative 310 the estimate was
6 and a half uh the prices in received
index is down and the prices paid index
is way up 66.8 to 58.8 8. So that's
something that people are going to be
keeping an eye on. Given especially what
Walmart said this morning about prices
continuing to go up. We're starting to
see it in all of the indicators. So for
Wall Street, that might be more of an
indication of what's going on than the
jobless claims numbers. We'll have to
see over the next couple of weeks if
jobless claims continue to rise.
>> Yeah, Michael, come back to you on that
in just a moment. Just want to take a
beat on the market. Really muted price
action, price reaction in response to
this yields at the front end of the
curve. We're up by, let's call it a
basis point on twos now just about
unchanged up by close to two basis
points on 30s. Now up by only a basis
point of 49070. So not a major move and
off the back of that with that change in
yields just a bit more dollar weakness.
So on the session Euro dollar pretty
much unchanged on the day now at 11647.
If you're interested in the equity
backdrop, equity futures still near
session lows. No real movement off the
back of this at about a third of 1%
lower on the session so far on the S&P
and on the NASDAQ 100. might want to
come back to you on the data. You
mentioned it not reading too much into
initial jobless claims, but there is a
theme emerging in continuing claims. If
you're out of a job in America right now
and you continue to be out of a job, it
gets much much harder to find a new one.
Mike, is there some signal there for
this committee into September?
Well, given what they said uh at the
meeting minute meetings that were
released yesterday, it may be a little
bit of a signal, but not one they're
totally concerned about yet because we
did have the big revisions uh last to
last month's numbers. And what we saw
was no hiring. But we didn't see the
unemployment rate really rising
significantly. And that's the figure
that the Fed officials are going to be
looking at for deterioration in the
labor market. This just seems to be
another case of what we have been seeing
for a while. Companies sitting on their
hands waiting to see what happens with
tariffs, waiting to see what happened
with the big bill, and waiting to see
how that was going to affect their
plans. Now, you heard Jeff Schmidt uh
talk earlier this morning to us about
how he's hearing from companies that
they're feeling a little more optimistic
these days now that they have a little
more clarity. So, it is going to be
interesting to see if these claims
numbers and continuing claims numbers
turn around. But again, I think uh
people are going to be paying a lot more
attention and the Fed officials
suggested this uh to what is happening
with inflation. And in that we get the
bad Walmart news and we get the
Philadelphia Fed prices paid index going
up significantly.
>> Mike, do you think that's where there
could be some surprise from the speech
with Chairman Pal tomorrow? the market
and Wall Street very focused on the
payrolls print from a few weeks ago, but
a Federal Reserve that's still laser
focused on its inflation mandate.
It will be interesting to see if he
reinforces what came out in the minutes
because if that's the case, uh, you
know, the minutes clearly gave Wall
Street something to think about and
whether or not they're leaning too far
in the direction of rate cuts. So if he
makes inflation front and center for
them, then yes, I think we could see a
more dramatic repricing tomorrow than
we've had in a while.
>> Mike, thank you, sir. Looking forward to
your coverage. Michael McKe in Jackson
Hall, Wyoming with the sun just coming
up behind him. Upside surprise on
jobless claims and continuing claims.
Equities just about unchanged, but bond
yields start to make a move. We were up
a basis port or two across the curve.
Just about unchanged now at the front
end on twos. The 2-year, 10 year, and
30-year look like this. If we can switch
out the board, take a look at bond
yields right now. yields unchanged on a
2-year at 37455.
With us around the table, Cladio Irrigza
of Bank of America joins us now for
more. Cladio, good morning. Good to see
you. Going into that payroll report last
time around. Based on the minutes that
we've all seen, this Federal Reserve
sounds tremendously offsite. Labor
market's solid. Only two people on the
committee seem to be worried about it.
They are putting all the emphasis on
inflation. How much changed with that
one report and all those revisions? I I
think the the most important thing to
think about the labor market is to think
in terms of unemployment rates and
vacancy ratios because you're having
also a supply shock which is uh the
tightening of immigration that makes the
reading of payroll a little bit tricky
because you can have a supply driven uh
reduction in payrolls that doesn't
increase unemployment rate and therefore
the Fed should not overreact uh to to
that revision. Uh it's going to be
interesting how Powell frame it
tomorrow. Um I think Powell tomorrow
probably will tell the market that
September is not a damn deal. Um because
this is inflationary environment. It's
going to be probably lower activity,
probably higher inflation, and the Fed
will have a tough job deciding which one
to sort of not ignore, but which one to
pay more attention to.
>> Claudia, you though say no cuts. You
make the case for no cuts this year, but
there are plenty of people who look at
this labor market and say, "Sure, supply
is playing a role, but still you're
finding companies who are not hiring
people. Just look at the continuing
claims that the trend is one of
weakening." And that in itself necess
necessitates cuts before it's too late.
What do you say to that?
>> I would say that companies are facing a
lot of uncertainty.
And when you face uncertainty, you are
more careful about hiring. You're more
careful about firing and you are more
careful about increasing prices because
you don't want to lose market share. So
we're going to see tariffs on inflation.
We are starting to see that and we're
going to see it more over time. The way
Trump negotiated with countries like 50%
tariff and you have 90 days to come up
with a plan gives companies a lot of
incentives to frontr run imports build
cushions and therefore you're going to
have probably not a spike in inflation
but a lot of persistent towards the end
of the year.
>> The runway is longer.
>> Yes.
>> Does that make the job easier for the
Fed?
>> No. Much more difficult because the
problem they they might have I mean I
think power thinks in terms of okay
let's suppose I make a mistake. which
one is more costly cutting rates and
then inflation peaks in December or
January at 3.2 2 3.3 core PCE or staying
on hold and then unemployment rate goes
up and I think credibility wise the
first one is a bigger a bigger cost the
first mistake
>> so would you also say then looking at
the revisions we had captured that
uncertainty does that mean that the next
payroll report could look stronger and
if it doesn't look stronger does that
mean it's something more than just
uncertainty now that we have more of the
tariffs more of the rates more certainty
under our belt
>> uh could be. Um, we estimate that
equilibrium payrolls, which is the
number of jobs that you need to create
to keep unemployment rate constant, went
from probably 110, 120 when you had
immigration bone to something like 70
and we estimate perils towards towards
50k towards the end of the year. So,
you're going to have some demand
destruction, but a big chunk is going to
be supply. So, as long as unemployment
rate that does not shoot up, the F will
overreact will not overreact to those
numbers.
>> What you're saying is really important.
So, let's go through it. I want to give
you some more time. What you're
essentially saying is you can have a
massive step down in payrolls growth,
but not an increase in slack.
>> Yes.
>> And labor market slack should ultimately
be the focus of this Federal Reserve.
>> Yes.
>> Can the chairman articulate that
tomorrow in a speech without sending
this market nuts?
>> I think the chairman will will say two
things. will will say sort of what he
said in the press conference and you can
transpire from the FOMC minutes
yesterday and he will say look uh there
is a tremendous amount of uncertainty uh
we have two more payroll numbers because
we have one revision and one payroll we
have one um inflation print and we need
to balance the risks and I think he will
talk a lot about risks and I think
probably given that he's is the last
speech as a chairman assume that it's
the last speech as a chairman I I don't
think he's well he's going to be
reelected but um reappointed but as the
last speech he will probably put a lot
of focus on the importance of uh
preserving price stability.
>> So if he puts a lot of focus on that
that would be writing off a lot of the
other changing views at the Fed. You've
had Cook Daily Musulum a lot of the more
kind of maybe hawkishleaning ones start
to sound more dovish and saying that
that last jobs report did change their
mind. Does Powell need to reflect any of
that?
>> Look, I I I think uh there is still
consensus that
inflation is is still the biggest risk.
Um that's why I said before I think it's
going to be important how Powell um
conveys the message of the revisions. I
mean, is that important or not? We
haven't seen yet an increase in
unemployment rate. Unemployment rate
today is 4.2%.
A year ago, unemployment was 4.2%.
and and the path for tariffs, the path
for uh for inflation doesn't look great
and you're going to be probably at the
end of the year one percentage point
above the target. So, ironically, you
are further away on your inflation
target. You have more deviation from
your inflation target than from your
employment target. So if you do have a
Fed though that decides to cut and
they're cutting because of labor market
weakness that to what you're saying is
more due to the supply side that cuts
don't actually help. What happens at
that point? How big of a pol policy
mistake would it be to cut in this
environment?
>> Uh we want to see right away uh two
months later what happened to inflation
and to the labor market. But I I asked
this I'm a company. I have a lot of
uncertainty. I don't know how the rules
of the game are going to look like six
months from now. I'm not going to invest
because interest rates are 75% basis
point lower. Probably not. So, you risk
um the dynamics of inflation
expectations and you're not going to
gain much in terms of employment.
Setting politics aside,
>> they're nervous they have to move in the
other direction. I sense that from the
Atlanta Fed President Rafael Bostik. I
think he said as much that once you
move, you want to move in one direction.
And the risk being that you cut rates
now and you have to do something else
that you don't want to do further out.
The source I think the biggest source of
tension right now potentially is a
Federal Reserve chair that focuses on
one side of the mandate inflation when
the market is focused on the other side
of the mandate employment.
>> And how can the Fed and how can Powell
refocus them on inflation if it's a
market that is so moved to one side?
Because you even look at the FOMC
minutes for example and could say look
the readout of that was a great
opportunity to shake this market and say
inflation is more important to the Fed
and what happened it was a market that
was little change and wrote it off as
outdated and stale.
>> Forget about that. They're still cutting
us September seems to be the past at the
moment. Cladio appreciate your
explanation of things. Thank you sir.
Claudia Gozen there of Bank of America
on Chairman Pal and that big speech
tomorrow morning. Let's get you an
update on stories elsewhere this morning
with your Bloomberg brief. Here's
Yahihara. Hey yhara.
>> Hi John. We are seeing Boeing shares
rising 1 and a.5% in early trading after
reports that the plane maker is
finalizing a deal to sell as many as 500
aircraft to China. Sources telling us
here at Bloomberg that the sale would
depend on lowering trade tensions
between the US and China and that talks
could still fall apart. Chinese
officials have begun asking airlines
about how many Boeing planes they would
need. Meanwhile, Meta is temporarily
pausing hiring in its artificial
intelligence division while it
structures its new super intelligence
efforts. A Meta spokesperson saying on X
that the company is pausing to quote
plan and forecast after hiring new
people. This was in response to initial
reporting from the Wall Street Journal.
And Sony's PlayStation 5 is getting a
price hike in the US. The video game
console will go from 500 to $550. While
rivals and m while rivals Microsoft and
Nintendo already raised prices after
tariffs increase the cost of imports.
Sony has sold more than 56 million PS5
consoles since its 2020 release, beating
Microsoft's Xbox Series S and X in
sales. That's your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Yhierra, thank you. Up next on the
program, we'll set you up for the day
ahead. Plus Megan Robson of BMP Parabar
joining us with an eye on Jackson Hole
and Yhara back with us with your morning
movers as Walmart's profit miss
overshadows its higher sales. That stock
is down by 3%. From New York, you're
watching Bloomberg TV.
[Music]
J Pal in terms of his legacy is looking
at what happens to his mandate, what
happens to inflation, what happens to
employment and how well does he manage
that. It's not any single speech. He's
going to f focus primarily on the
decision framework and um not give any
indication of where he's leaning for
September. Inflation expectations are
going to be the key um over the next
year or two. If inflation expectations
get out of line, then the Fed will be
very concerned.
>> That was the former Fed Governor Bessie
Duke going into Chairman Pal's speech
tomorrow in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. If
you are just joining us, welcome to the
program. Equity futures shaping up as
follows going into your opening bow 42
minutes away. Futures are negative.
We're down by 0.4% on the S&P. Likewise
again on the NASDAQ. It could be day
five. Day five without gains on the S&P
500 with less than one hour to go. Let's
get you some morning movers. Let's cross
over to Yhara who has more. Hey Yhara.
>> Hi John. We start with Walmart. Shares
are falling 3.2% as investors digest
cost pressures highlighted in the
earnings call. The CFO saying that
inventory costs are rising due to import
expenses. While CEO Doug McMillian is
warning that tariff costs are increasing
by the week and that they're starting to
see price hikes affecting how low and
middle inome consumers are spending. So
taken altogether they are not painting a
rosy picture when it comes to consumer
spending or margins because let's not
forget they posted a rare profit miss in
the second quarter. And we move on to
another consumer stock also not painting
a rosy picture on the consumer and that
is Cody. Shares are getting decimated
down 20% after disappointing results.
And what they're saying is that sales
could drop as much as 8% in the current
quarter and keep sliding into December
as they warned that retailers are
cutting prices to clear inventory at a
time when they say shoppers are pulling
back on non-essential spending. And we
end on Boeing. shares are up 1 and a.5%
as we report that the plane maker is
nearing a huge deal with China that
would involve Boeing potentially selling
as many as 500 aircraft which would
finally break a sales drought that's
been going on since 2017. But this isn't
just about jets. We're reporting that
the order could be the centerpiece of a
bigger US China trade deal. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Just want to pick up
on a few things Yahara said. One was on
the consumer. consumers pulling back on
non-essential spending. If that's the
case, big big call to make over the next
three months. Either it bounces back or
corporate America's got some really hard
decisions to make about what they do
with costs. Do they pass them on or do
they need to cut them themselves?
>> I was going to say if there are already
signs that consumers are starting to
pull back, what does it mean for margins
that have started to come under
pressure, which suggests that they
haven't price passed on those prices
yet? They haven't passed them on and yet
the consumer is pulling back. If they
need to start to try to preserve margin,
does that mean instead of raising
prices, they do things like firing
workers, for example, and then it
impacts this labor market?
>> A dual mandate very much in conflict for
this Federal Reserve. As we count you
down to Jackson Hole, Megan Robson of
BMP Parab saying, "We believe the Fed
will not want to disappoint the market."
Chairp may acknowledge labor market
weakness, which could be enough to
support a continued grind in credit.
Megan joins us now for more. Megan, good
morning.
>> Good morning.
>> Let's start with the Fed, then we'll get
to credit. So the chairman tomorrow, you
say he won't want to disappoint the
market. Others have come on the program
and said maybe he needs to introduce
some two-way risk here. Why one and not
the other?
>> So I think expectations in credit are
are for a dovish outcome. If you look at
uh the previous payroll report where we
saw some downside since then credit has
really grinded tighter and we think that
you know similar to the rate the the
pricing you see in rates reflects that
there is this expectation that the Fed
will shift doubbish in September. Will
Powell uh signal that he will begin
cutting in September? We don't think
he'll necessarily go as far as that, but
even if he's able to recognize some of
the hiccups in the labor market data, we
think that could be enough uh to to to
sort of contribute to this positive tone
that we've seen in credit and allow
investors to focus um their their
attention ahead to the September 5th uh
labor data that we we'll be getting.
>> High yield spreads are tight. investment
grade credit spreads are super tight.
Tightest since late 90s 98. Yes,
>> I believe. Okay. So, let's work into
that. How much of that is a reflection
of the economy and how much is just an
expectation the Federal Reserve is about
to cut interest rates?
>> I think it's a bit of both, but but
actually the key driver we think is
really been the technicals. So, you have
this secular tailwind all year where
elevated yields has supported credit
from two angles. One is the supply. So,
issuers are less likely to take on more
debt issuance if they don't have to. So
you have the sort of deleveraging uh
dynamic and then at the same time yields
are elevated which has been very
attractive for yield buyers. So that
force we think will still stay in place.
Yes, spreads are tight but we think
there's potential to stay here even go
tighter into the end of the summer um
given given sort of that secular
dynamic. H
>> how much tighter is there room to go
tighter at this point Megan?
>> Well I think if you if you compare
today's market to to the past there are
some important differences. for example,
bond prices are lower. Um, you can argue
that that means spreads could be
tighter. Also, ratings quality is a bit
higher. So, things like that, I think,
can support tighter tights from from
previous uh from previous periods. I
think there's also two other factors
that that come into play. So, the the
market sentiment for the second half of
the year, we think, is already pretty
bearish. So, if you look at forecasts
for growth, for inflation, there's sort
of a stagflationary bias. So the the um
the bar to surprise to the downside is
is quite elevated.
>> City did this research on the credit
market basically looking at past
instances where you have macro
uncertainty or policydriven uncertainty
factored into credit and they said just
based on that that credit spreads are
too tight and it leaves uh tight and
leaves us vulnerable should you get one
bad piece of data or another piece of
policy that really starts to rock
things. Does the tightness of credit
spreads at this moment make us more
vulnerable to dislocation?
>> It certainly is vulnerable in certain
pockets of the market and one I think
would highlight is if you look at
earnings season in second quarter IG
earnings generally very strong. High
yield also at the high level was strong
but we did see some of the lower quality
triple C issuers that missed earnings
they really saw substantial price drops
you know sometimes greater than 10
points in in bond prices. So for those
credits, I think that there is much more
vulnerability. But overall, we're in mid
to uh double digit or mid single digit
to double digit earnings growth in
second quarter. That's much better than
we expected. So looking at the corporate
data and earnings, it's still still
quite positive.
>> Do you think it's a chance that a lot of
these credits could trade inside of
Treasury yields?
>> Not in not not wholesale by any means. I
think there are some credits and some
maturities where we've seen credit um
trade slightly below or
>> what's behind that? What's driving that?
>> You know, I think it's it's partially
this bond price level. So, a longerdated
maturity, say if your price is at a 60
or 70 handle um out of 100, then you can
say, well, I don't have much downside
from here. And so, your spread may be
much tighter than it otherwise would
have if it was a par if it was a par
bond. So I think it's that and then a
lot of those uh names are in the much
higher quality investment grade sectors.
So tech where you have a massive amount
of cash on the balance sheet and the
credit quality is is much more uh
stable.
>> Megan appreciate your time as always.
Thank you. Megan Robson there of BMP
Paraba some confidence in corporate
America where there might not be much in
the balance sheet of the sovereign.
>> I I still love that question because you
could buy something like a Microsoft you
get access to that cash flow and it
really makes us rethink what is haven?
What is safety? Are you more likely to
buy corporate bonds instead of
treasuries to get a ballist in your
portfolio just given all those factors?
>> Credit spreads are super super tight. As
we count you down to the opening bell,
here's a sneak peek a peak of the
trading diary through the rest of the
week and into next. Today, the Jackson
Hole Symposio kicking off at 9:45 a.m.
We'll also get PMI data. 3 p.m.
President Trump signing executive
orders. And then Friday, the big one is
remarks from Fed Chair J. Pal in Jackson
Hall, Wyoming. And to what degree does
he enforce or not enforce a rate cut to
come? And how much is the market going
to have to adjust? Their expectation at
the moment just under 80% that we will
get a cut. It could be a big shock for
this market if he introduces two-way
risk.
>> Danny enjoyed this. You back tomorrow?
>> I'm back tomorrow. Got more of me.
>> Good stuff. Futures down by 4/10en of 1%
on the S&P. Coming up tomorrow, the
former labor department economist Betsy
Stevenson, Russ of Black Rockck, Aaron
Kenn of Clear Harbor Asset Management,
Bruce Casman of JP Morgan from New York
City. Thank you for choosing Bloomberg
TV. This was Bloomberg Surveillance.
[Music]